Evaluation Results:
Total questions processed: 200
Average BLEU Score: 0.8650

Detailed Results:

Question 521:
Question: An investigator is studying the mechanism of HIV infection in cells obtained from a human donor. The effect of a drug that impairs viral fusion and entry is being evaluated. This drug acts on a protein that is cleaved off of a larger glycosylated protein in the endoplasmic reticulum of the host cell. The protein that is affected by the drug is most likely encoded by which of the following genes?
Generated Answer: env
Ground Truth: env
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 737:
Question: A 17-year-old female presents to her pediatrician due to lack of menstruation. She states that she developed breasts 4 years ago but has not experienced menses yet. The patient denies abdominal pain and has no past medical history. Her mother underwent menarche at age 13. The patient is a volleyball player at school, is single, and has never attempted intercourse. At this visit, her temperature is 98.3°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 110/76 mmHg, pulse is 72/min, and respirations are 14/min. She is 5 feet 7 inches tall and weighs 116 pounds (BMI 18.2 kg/m^2). Exam shows Tanner IV breasts, Tanner I pubic hair, and minimal axillary hair. External genitalia are normal, but the vagina is a 5-centimeter blind pouch. Genetic testing is performed. Which of the following is the best next step in management?
Generated Answer: Gonadectomy
Ground Truth: Gonadectomy
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 740:
Question: A 25-year-old homeless woman presents to an urgent care clinic complaining of vaginal bleeding. She also has vague lower right abdominal pain which started a few hours ago and is increasing in intensity. The medical history is significant for chronic hepatitis C infection, and she claims to take a pill for it ‘every now and then.’ The temperature is 36.0°C (98.6°F), the blood pressure is 110/70 mmHg, and the pulse is 80/min. The abdominal examination is positive for localized right adnexal tenderness; no rebound tenderness or guarding is noted. A transvaginal ultrasound confirms a 2.0 cm gestational sac in the right fallopian tube. What is the next appropriate step in the management of this patient? Immunodeficiency (RA, SLE, and Crohns)
Generated Answer: Surgery
Ground Truth: Surgery
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 660:
Question: A 29-year-old man is brought to the emergency department 20 minutes after being stabbed in the left thigh. His pulse is 110/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg. Examination shows a 2-cm wound overlying a pulsatile mass on the left anterior thigh, 4 cm below the inguinal crease. A thrill is palpated, and a bruit is heard over this area. Peripheral pulses are normal bilaterally. The patient is at greatest risk for which of the following?
Generated Answer: High-output cardiac failure
Ground Truth: High-output cardiac failure
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 411:
Question: A 4-year-old male is evaluated for frequent epistaxis and mucous membrane bleeding. Physical examination shows diffuse petechiae on the patient’s distal extremities. Peripheral blood smear shows an absence of platelet clumping. An ELISA binding assay reveals that platelet surfaces are deficient in GIIb/IIIa receptors. Serum platelet count is normal. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Glanzmann’s thrombasthenia
Ground Truth: Glanzmann’s thrombasthenia
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 678:
Question: A 27-year-old man comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. Paroxetine therapy was initiated 6 weeks ago for a major depressive episode. He now feels much better and says he is delighted with his newfound energy. He gets around 8 hours of sleep nightly. His appetite has increased. Last year, he had two episodes of depressed mood, insomnia, and low energy during which he had interrupted his job training and stopped going to the gym. Now, he has been able to resume his job at a local bank. He also goes to the gym three times a week to work out and enjoys reading books again. His temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), pulse is 70/min, and blood pressure is 128/66 mm Hg. Physical and neurologic examinations show no abnormalities. On mental status examination, he describes his mood as ""good.” Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Generated Answer: Continue paroxetine therapy for 2 years
Ground Truth: Continue paroxetine therapy for 2 years
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 626:
Question: Four days after having been admitted to the hospital for a pulmonary contusion and whiplash injury sustained in a motor vehicle collision, a 66-year-old woman complains of severe pain in her right flank and muscle spasms. She also has nausea with two episodes of vomiting and abdominal bloating. Her pain had previously been well controlled with acetaminophen every 6 hours. She underwent umbilical hernia repair surgery two years ago. She takes sertraline for depression. Her temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), pulse is 99/min, respirations are 17/min, and blood pressure is 102/72 mm Hg. After administration of 0.5 L of crystalloid fluids, blood pressure improves to 118/79 mm Hg. Multiple ecchymoses are present over the anterior abdominal wall in a pattern that follows the course of a seatbelt. There are ecchymoses of the flanks bilaterally. Bowel sounds are absent. There is tenderness to palpation in all four quadrants with voluntary guarding. Her hemoglobin is 7.9 g/dL, leukocyte count is 8,500/mm3, platelet count is 350,000/mm3, prothrombin time is 11 seconds, and activated partial thromboplastin time is 33 seconds. An x-ray of the abdomen shows obliteration of the right psoas shadow and uniform distribution of gas in the small bowel, colon, and rectum without air-fluid levels. Which of the following is the most likely explanation for this patient's symptoms?
Generated Answer: Retroperitoneal hemorrhage
Ground Truth: Retroperitoneal hemorrhage
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 513:
Question: A 37-year-old man who had undergone liver transplantation 7 years ago, presents to the physician because of yellowish discoloration of the skin, sclera, and urine. He is on regular immunosuppressive therapy and is well-adherent to the treatment. He has no comorbidities and is not taking any other medication. He provides a history of similar episodes of yellowish skin discoloration 6–7 times since he underwent liver transplantation. Physical examination shows clinical jaundice. Laboratory studies show:
While blood cell (WBC) count 4,400/mm3
Hemoglobin 11.1 g/dL
Serum creatinine 0.9 mg/dL
Serum bilirubin (total) 44 mg/dL
Aspartate transaminase (AST) 1,111 U/L
Alanine transaminase (ALT) 671 U/L
Serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase 777 U/L
Alkaline phosphatase 888 U/L
Prothrombin time 17 seconds
A Doppler ultrasound shows significantly reduced blood flow into the transplanted liver. A biopsy of the transplanted liver is likely to show which of the following histological features?
Generated Answer: Rectosigmoidoscopy
Ground Truth: Interstitial cellular infiltration with parenchymal fibrosis, obliterative arteritis
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 859:
Question: A 36-year-old male is taken to the emergency room after jumping from a building. Bilateral fractures to the femur were stabilized at the scene by emergency medical technicians. The patient is lucid upon questioning and his vitals are stable. Pain only at his hips was elicited. Cervical exam was not performed. What is the best imaging study for this patient?
Generated Answer: Anterior-posterior (AP) and lateral radiographs of hips, knees, lumbar, and cervical area
Ground Truth: Anterior-posterior (AP) and lateral radiographs of hips, knees, lumbar, and cervical area
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 136:
Question: A 48-year-old woman comes to the physician for the evaluation of a left breast mass that she noticed 4 weeks ago. It has rapidly increased in size during this period. Vital signs are within normal limits. Examination shows large dense breasts; a 6-cm, nontender, multinodular mass is palpated in the upper outer quadrant of the left breast. There are no changes in the skin or nipple. There is no palpable cervical or axillary adenopathy. Mammography shows a smooth polylobulated mass. An image of a biopsy specimen is shown. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Phyllodes tumor
Ground Truth: Phyllodes tumor
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 811:
Question: A 76-year-old woman comes in for a routine checkup with her doctor. She is concerned that she feels tired most days and has difficulty doing her household chores. She complains that she gets fatigued and breathless with mild exertion. Past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus, chronic kidney disease from prolonged elevated blood sugar, and primary biliary cirrhosis. Medications include lisinopril, insulin, and metformin. Family medicine is noncontributory. She drinks one beer every day. Today, she has a heart rate of 98/min, respiratory rate of 17/min, blood pressure of 110/65 mm Hg, and a temperature of 37.0°C (98.6°F). General examination shows that she is pale and haggard looking. She has a heartbeat with a regular rate and rhythm and her lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. A complete blood count (CBC) is as follows:
Leukocyte count: 12,000/mm3
Red blood cell count: 3.1 million/mm3
Hemoglobin: 11.0 g/dL
MCV: 85 um3
MCH: 27 pg/cell
Platelet count: 450,000/mm3
Fecal occult blood test is negative. What is the most likely cause of her anemia?
Generated Answer: Chronic kidney disease
Ground Truth: Chronic kidney disease
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 76:
Question: A 22-year-old woman presents to the emergency department with a 2-day history of severe blistering. She says that she woke up 2 days ago with a number of painful blisters in her mouth and has since been continuing to develop blisters of her cutaneous skin all over her body and the mucosa of her mouth. She has no past medical history and has never experienced these symptoms before. Physical exam reveals a diffuse vesicular rash with painful, flaccid blisters that separate easily with gentle rubbing. The function of which of the following proteins is most likely disrupted in this patient?
Generated Answer: Cadherin
Ground Truth: Cadherin
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 636:
Question: Nine healthy subjects participate in a study of gastric secretions. Subjects are asked to eat a meal at hour 0, at which time the pH of stomach contents and rate of stomach acid secretions are measured over the next 4 hours. Results of the study are shown. Which of the following mediators is most active at point A in the graph?
Generated Answer: Acetylcholine
Ground Truth: Acetylcholine
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 973:
Question: A 23-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department by her boyfriend because of a 4-month history of feeling sad. Her boyfriend says that, during this period, she has slept and eaten very little and has been unable to focus at work. She says that she feels “empty inside” and has been hearing voices telling her that she is worthless. She first heard these voices 7 months ago when they started to make fun of her. She does not drink alcohol or use illicit drugs. Physical and neurological examinations show no abnormalities. On mental status examination, her speech is slow and monotonous; she abruptly stops talking in the middle of sentences and does not finish them. She occasionally directs her attention to the ceiling as if she were listening to someone. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Schizoaffective disorder
Ground Truth: Schizoaffective disorder
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 938:
Question: A 70-year-old Caucasian women presents to the emergency department complaining of abdominal pain. She is oriented to person but is slow to answer questions and cannot name her location. She is afebrile on exam and endorses mild suprapubic tenderness. Her urine culture was positive for leukocyte esterase and nitrites. She was prescribed appropriate treatments. On follow-up, she complains of a new rash. In the past few days she has noticed that her skin becomes very red and more easily sunburns. Per the patient, her symptoms have resolved and her initial infection has cleared. Which of the following antibiotics was most likely prescribed to this patient?
Generated Answer: Trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole
Ground Truth: Trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 899:
Question: A 4-year-old boy with beta thalassemia requires regular blood transfusions a few times per month because of persistent anemia. He is scheduled for a splenectomy in the next several months. Samples obtained from the boy’s red blood cells show a malformed protein with a length of 160 amino acids (in normal, healthy red blood cells, the functional protein has a length of 146 amino acids). Which of the following best accounts for these findings?
Generated Answer: Splice site mutation
Ground Truth: Splice site mutation
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 280:
Question: A 54-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a painful skin lesion on her right leg for 1 month. It initially started out as a small red spot but has rapidly increased in size during this period. She remembers an ant bite on her leg prior to the lesion occurring. She was treated for anterior uveitis 8 months ago with corticosteroids. She has Crohn's disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. Current medications include insulin, mesalamine, enalapril, and aspirin. She returned from Wisconsin after visiting her son 2 months ago. Her temperature is 37.6°C (98°F), pulse is 98/min, and blood pressure is 126/88 mm Hg. Examination shows pitting pedal edema of the lower extremities. There is a 4-cm tender ulcerative lesion on the anterior right leg with a central necrotic base and purplish irregular borders. There are dilated tortuous veins in both lower legs. Femoral and pedal pulses are palpated bilaterally. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Pyoderma gangrenosum
Ground Truth: Pyoderma gangrenosum
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 883:
Question: A 62-year-old man presents to the emergency room with an acute myocardial infarction. Twenty-four hours after admission to the cardiac intensive care unit, he develops oliguria. Laboratory tests show that his serum BUN is 59 mg/dL and his serum creatinine is 6.2 mg/dL. Renal biopsy reveals necrosis of the proximal tubules and thick ascending limb of Henle's loop. Which of the following would you most likely observe on a microscopic examination of this patient's urine?
Generated Answer: Gentamicin
Ground Truth: Muddy brown casts
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 761:
Question: A study is conducted to find an association between serum cholesterol and ischemic heart disease. Data is collected, and patients are classified into either the "high cholesterol" or "normal cholesterol" group and also into groups whether or not the patient experiences stable angina. Which type of data analysis is most appropriate for this study?
Generated Answer: Relative risk
Ground Truth: Chi-squared
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 319:
Question: A 21-year-old woman is admitted to the hospital for severe malnutrition with a BMI of 15 kg/m2. Past medical history is significant for chronic anorexia nervosa. During the course of her stay, she is treated with parenteral fluids and nutrition management. On the 4th day, her status changes. Her blood pressure is 110/75 mm Hg, heart rate is 120/min, respiratory rate is 25/min, and temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F). On physical exam, her heart is tachycardic with a regular rhythm and her lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. She appears confused, disoriented, and agitated. Strength in her lower extremities is 4/5. What is the next step in management?
Generated Answer: Measure electrolytes
Ground Truth: Measure electrolytes
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 549:
Question: A 23-year-old primigravid woman comes to the physician at 36 weeks' gestation for her first prenatal visit. She confirmed the pregnancy with a home urine pregnancy kit a few months ago but has not yet followed up with a physician. She takes no medications. Vital signs are within normal limits. Pelvic examination shows a uterus consistent in size with a 36-week gestation. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 10.6 g/dL
Serum
Glucose 88 mg/dL
Hepatitis B surface antigen negative
Hepatitis C antibody negative
HIV antibody positive
HIV load 11,000 copies/mL (N < 1000 copies/mL)
Ultrasonography shows an intrauterine fetus consistent in size with a 36-week gestation. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient?"
Generated Answer: Start cART and schedule cesarean delivery at 38 weeks' gestation
Ground Truth: Start cART and schedule cesarean delivery at 38 weeks' gestation
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 174:
Question: A 65-year-old male with a history of CHF presents to the emergency room with shortness of breath, lower leg edema, and fatigue. He is diagnosed with acute decompensated congestive heart failure, was admitted to the CCU, and treated with a medication that targets beta-1 adrenergic receptors preferentially over beta-2 adrenergic receptors. The prescribing physician explained that this medication would only be used temporarily as its efficacy decreases within one week due to receptor downregulation. Which of the following was prescribed?
Generated Answer: Dobutamine
Ground Truth: Dobutamine
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 371:
Question: A patient with a known spinal cord ependymoma presents to his neurologist for a check up. He complains that he has had difficulty walking, which he attributes to left leg weakness. On exam, he is noted to have 1/5 strength in his left lower extremity, as well as decreased vibration and position sensation in the left lower extremity and decreased pain and temperature sensation in the right lower extremity. Which of the following spinal cord lesions is most consistent with his presentation?
Generated Answer: Left-sided Brown-Sequard (hemisection)
Ground Truth: Left-sided Brown-Sequard (hemisection)
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 527:
Question: A 30-year-old woman presents to her physician for her annual checkup. She has diabetes mellitus, type 1 and takes insulin regularly. She reports no incidents of elevated or low blood sugar and that she is feeling energetic and ready to face the morning every day. Her vital signs and physical are normal. On the way home from her checkup she stops by the pharmacy and picks up her prescription of insulin. Later that night she takes a dose. What is the signaling mechanism associated with this medication?
Generated Answer: Activation of tyrosine kinase
Ground Truth: Activation of tyrosine kinase
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 210:
Question: A 48-year-old man presents early in the morning to the emergency department with a burning sensation in his chest. He describes a crushing feeling below the sternum and reports some neck pain on the left side. Furthermore, he complains of difficulty breathing. Late last night, he had come home and had eaten a family size lasagna by himself while watching TV. His past medical history is significant for type 2 diabetes and poorly controlled hypertension. The patient admits he often neglects to take his medications and has not been following his advised diet. His current medications are aspirin, metformin, and captopril. Examination reveals a distressed, overweight male sweating profusely. Which of the following is most likely to be found on auscultation?
Generated Answer: Fourth heart sound
Ground Truth: Fourth heart sound
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 235:
Question: Two days following the home birth of her son, a mother brings the infant to the pediatric emergency room because of bilious vomiting. He is unable to pass meconium and his abdomen is distended. Endoscopic biopsy of the proximal colon demonstrates an absence of Meissner’s and Auerbach’s plexi in the bowel wall. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Hirschsprung’s disease
Ground Truth: Hirschsprung’s disease
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 101:
Question: A case-control study is conducted to investigate the association between the use of phenytoin during pregnancy in women with epilepsy and the risk for congenital malformations. The odds ratio of congenital malformations in newborns born to women who were undergoing treatment with phenytoin is 1.74 (P = 0.02) compared to newborns of women who were not treated with phenytoin. Which of the following 95% confidence intervals is most likely reported for this association?
Generated Answer: Probability of AML among exposed (17/19) divided by probability of AML among unexposed (67/181)
Ground Truth: 1.34 to 2.36
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 986:
Question: A 42-year-old man comes to the physician for a health maintenance examination. He has had generalized fatigue and muscle aches since his previous visit 6 months ago. He has hypertension and gastroesophageal reflux disease. Current medications include amlodipine and omeprazole. His temperature is 37.1°C (98.1°F), pulse is 88/min and blood pressure is 156/102 mm Hg. Physical examination shows no abnormalities. Serum studies show:
Na+ 143 mEq/L
K+ 2.3 mEq/L
Cl- 100 mEq/L
HCO3- 31 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 14 mg/dL
Creatinine 1 mg/dL
His blood pressure medication is discontinued. One week later his plasma aldosterone concentration is 35 ng/dL (N=3.6 - 24.0 ng/dL) and plasma renin activity is 0.4 ng/mL/h (N=0.3 to 4.2 ng/mL/h). An oral sodium loading test over 3 days fails to reduce aldosterone. A contrast-enhanced CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis shows a 3-cm, homogenous, right-sided adrenal mass with rapid contrast washout. He is counseled about his treatment options and chooses to pursue surgery. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Generated Answer: Adrenal vein sampling
Ground Truth: Adrenal vein sampling
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 902:
Question: A 56-year-old man is brought to the emergency department 30 minutes after falling from a height of 3 feet onto a sharp metal fence pole. He is unconscious. Physical examination shows a wound on the upper margin of the right clavicle in the parasternal line that is 3-cm-deep. Which of the following is the most likely result of this patient's injury?
Generated Answer: Pneumothorax due to pleural injury
Ground Truth: Pneumothorax due to pleural injury
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 947:
Question: A 52-year-old male patient with chronic alcoholism presents to an ambulatory medical clinic, where the hepatologist elects to perform comprehensive hepatitis B screening, in addition to several other screening and preventative measures. Given the following choices, which serologic marker, if positive, would indicate the patient’s immunity to the hepatitis B virus?
Generated Answer: HBsAb
Ground Truth: HBsAb
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 346:
Question: A 7-year-old African-American boy presents to his physician with fatigue, bone and abdominal pain, and mild jaundice. The pain is dull and remitting, and the patient complains it sometimes migrates from one extremity to another. His mother reports that his jaundice and pain have occurred periodically for the past 5 years. At the time of presentation, his vital signs are as follows: the blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg, the heart rate is 87/min, the respiratory rate is 17/min, and the temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F). On physical examination, the patient appears to be pale with mildly icteric sclera and mucous membranes. On auscultation, there is a soft systolic ejection murmur, and palpation reveals hepatosplenomegaly. His musculoskeletal examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory investigations show the following results:
Complete blood count
Erythrocytes
3.7 x 106/mm3
Hgb
11 g/dL
Total leukocyte count
Neutrophils
Lymphocytes
Eosinophils
Monocytes
Basophils
7,300/mm3
51%
40%
2%
7%
0
Platelet count
151,000/mm3
Chemistry
Total bilirubin
3.1 mg/dL (53 µmol/L)
Direct bilirubin
0.5 mg/dL (8.55 µmol/L)
A peripheral blood smear shows numerous sickle-shaped red blood cells. Among other questions, the patient’s mother asks you how his condition would influence his vaccination schedule. Which of the following statements is true regarding vaccination in this patient?
Generated Answer: Serum anti-HAV IgM antibody
Ground Truth: The patient should receive serogroup B meningococcal vaccination at the age of 10 years.
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 139:
Question: A man returns home late at night to find his 15-year-old son and 40-year-old wife unconscious in the family room. He immediately summons emergency services. In the field, pulse oximetry shows oxygen saturation at 100% for both patients. 100% yet they both appear cyanotic. Both patients are provided with 2L of oxygen by way of nasal cannula on the way to the hospital. An arterial blood gas is performed on the teenager and reveals pH of 7.35, PaCO2 of 31.8 mm Hg, PaO2 of 150 mm Hg, HCO3- of 20 mEq/L, SaO2 of 80%, and a COHb of 18%. What is the most likely cause of his condition?
Generated Answer: Carbon monoxide poisoning
Ground Truth: Carbon monoxide poisoning
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 621:
Question: A 58-year-old woman presents to the physician with a throbbing headache. She says she had it for the last year and it’s usually located in the right temporal area. There is localized tenderness over the scalp. During the last 2 weeks, she experienced 3 episodes of transient loss of vision on the right side, without ocular pain. On physical examination, her vital signs are normal. Palpation reveals that the pulsations of the superficial temporal artery on the right side are reduced in amplitude. Laboratory studies show:
Blood hemoglobin 10.7 g/dL (6.64 mmol/L)
Leukocyte count 8,000/mm3 (8.0 x 109/L)
Platelet count 470,000/mm3 (470 x 109/L)
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 60 mm/h (60 mm/h)
Which of the following conditions is most likely to co-exist with the presenting complaint in this woman?
Generated Answer: Rifampin + azithromycin
Ground Truth: Polymyalgia rheumatica
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 499:
Question: A 20-year-old woman is brought in by police for trying to break into a museum after hours. The patient states that she is a detective on the trail of a master collusion scheme and needs the artifacts from the museum to prove her case. Her family reports that she has been acting strangely for the past week. She has been up perusing the internet all night without taking breaks. Her husband states that she has had increased sexual interest for the past week; however, he did not report this to the physician when he first noticed it. The patient is unable to offer a history as she cannot be redirected from her current theory. Her temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 122/81 mmHg, pulse is 97/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air. Physical exam is notable only for a highly-energized patient. Laboratory studies are ordered as seen below.

Urine:
Color: Yellow
Nitrite: Negative
Bacteria: Negative
Leukocytes: Negative
hCG: Positive
Benzodiazepines: Negative
Barbiturate: Negative
Cocaine: Negative
Acetaminophen: Negative

Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Generated Answer: Haloperidol
Ground Truth: Haloperidol
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 370:
Question: A 64-year-old male presents to his primary care physician. Laboratory work-up and physical examination are suggestive of a diagnosis of prostatic adenocarcinoma. A tissue biopsy is obtained, which confirms the diagnosis. Which of the following is indicative of metastatic disease?
Generated Answer: New-onset lower back pain
Ground Truth: New-onset lower back pain
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 198:
Question: A 25-year-old woman, gravida 2, para 1, comes to the physician for her initial prenatal visit at 18 weeks’ gestation. She is a recent immigrant from Thailand. Her history is significant for anemia since childhood that has not required any treatment. Her mother and husband have anemia, as well. She has no history of serious illness and takes no medications. Her vital signs are within normal limits. Fundal height measures at 22 weeks. Ultrasound shows polyhydramnios and pleural and peritoneal effusion in the fetus with fetal subcutaneous edema. Which of the following is the most likely clinical course for this fetus?
Generated Answer: Intrauterine fetal demise
Ground Truth: Intrauterine fetal demise
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 687:
Question: A 12-year-old boy presents to the pediatrician with complaints of chronic cough for the past two years. The cough is present during the day, especially after returning from school. His school teacher says he does not cough at school. The cough is absent while he is asleep, although it increases during examinations or when he experiences boredom. His mother reports that there was a one-month period where he did not cough, but during that month, he used to shrug his shoulders frequently, especially when he was stressed or fatigued. There is no history of sneezing, nasal discharge, nasal congestion, headache, ear symptoms, or breathing difficulty. Detailed history does not suggest the presence of a mood disorder, obsessive-compulsive symptoms, or attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. There is no past history of a known neurological disorder, and there is no history of substance abuse. On physical examination, his vital signs are stable. Examination of his respiratory and cardiovascular systems is normal. However, the pediatrician notes repeated eye blinking; upon asking about eye blinking, the mother reports that he has had this habit since he was almost eight years old. Further inquiry suggests that eye blinking, coughing, and grunting disappear for a few weeks without explanation, only to reappear again. Which of the following drugs is likely to be most effective to control this patient’s symptoms?
Generated Answer: Haloperidol
Ground Truth: Haloperidol
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 584:
Question: A 12-year-old boy is brought to his pediatrician with a high fever. He was feeling fatigued yesterday and then developed a high fever overnight that was accompanied by chills and malaise. This morning he also started complaining of headaches and myalgias. He has otherwise been healthy and does not take any medications. He says that his friends came down with the same symptoms last week. He is given oseltamivir and given instructions to rest and stay hydrated. He is also told that this year the disease is particularly infectious and is currently causing a global pandemic. He asks the physician why the same virus can infect people who have already had the disease and is told about a particular property of this virus. Which of the following properties is required for the viral genetic change that permits global pandemics of this virus?
Generated Answer: Segmented genomic material
Ground Truth: Segmented genomic material
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 901:
Question: A 41-year-old man presents to his primary care provider because of chest pain with activity for the past 6 months. Past medical history is significant for appendectomy at age 12 and, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus type 2 that is poorly controlled. He takes metformin and lisinopril but admits that he is bad at remembering to take them everyday. His father had a heart attack at 41 and 2 stents were placed in his heart. His mother is healthy. He drinks alcohol occasionally and smokes a half of a pack of cigarettes a day. He is a sales executive and describes his work as stressful. Today, the blood pressure is 142/85 and the body mass index (BMI) is 28.5 kg/m2. A coronary angiogram shows > 75% narrowing of the left anterior descending coronary artery. Which of the following is most significant in this patient?
Generated Answer: Diabetes mellitus
Ground Truth: Diabetes mellitus
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 59:
Question: A recent study attempted to analyze whether increased "patient satisfaction" driven healthcare resulted in increased hospitalization. In this hospital, several of the wards adopted new aspects of "patient satisfaction" driven healthcare, whereas the remainder of the hospital continued to use existing protocols. Baseline population characteristics and demographics were collected at the start of the study. At the end of the following year, hospital use was assessed and compared between the two groups. Which of the following best describes this type of study?
Generated Answer: Prospective cohort
Ground Truth: Prospective cohort
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 328:
Question: A 40-year-old woman presents to her primary care physician with a 5-month history of worsening bladder discomfort. Her discomfort is relieved by voiding. She voids 10–15 times per day and wakes up 2–3 times per night to void. She has not had any involuntary loss of urine. She has tried cutting down on fluids and taking NSAIDs to reduce the discomfort with minimal relief. Her past medical history is significant for bipolar disorder. She is sexually active with her husband but reports that intercourse has recently become painful. Current medications include lithium. Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 65/min, and blood pressure is 110/80 mm Hg. Examination shows tenderness to palpation of her suprapubic region. Urinalysis shows:
Color clear
pH 6.7
Specific gravity 1.010
Protein 1+
Glucose negative
Ketones negative
Blood negative
Nitrite negative
Leukocyte esterase negative
WBC 0/hpf
Squamous epithelial cells 2/hpf
Bacteria None
A pelvic ultrasound shows a postvoid residual urine is 25 mL. A cystoscopy shows a normal urethra and normal bladder mucosa. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?"
Generated Answer: Interstitial cystitis
Ground Truth: Interstitial cystitis
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 96:
Question: A 67-year-old woman with advanced bladder cancer comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. She is currently undergoing chemotherapy with an agent that forms cross-links between DNA strands. Serum studies show a creatinine concentration of 2.1 mg/dL and a blood urea nitrogen concentration of 30 mg/dL. Urine dipstick of a clean-catch midstream specimen shows 2+ protein and 1+ glucose. Prior to initiation of chemotherapy, her laboratory values were within the reference range. In addition to hydration, administration of which of the following would most likely have prevented this patient's current condition?
Generated Answer: Amifostine
Ground Truth: Amifostine
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 312:
Question: A 40-year-old nulliparous woman with no significant medical history presents to your office with shortness of breath and increased abdominal girth over the past month. The initial assessment demonstrates that the patient has a right-sided hydrothorax, ascites, and a large ovarian mass. Surgery is performed to remove the ovarian mass, and the patient's ascites and pleural effusion resolve promptly. What is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Meigs syndrome
Ground Truth: Meigs syndrome
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 974:
Question: Blood cultures are sent to the laboratory and empiric treatment with intravenous vancomycin is started. Blood cultures grow gram-negative bacilli identified as Cardiobacterium hominis. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Generated Answer: Switch to intravenous ceftriaxone
Ground Truth: Switch to intravenous ceftriaxone
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 299:
Question: A 17-year-old boy is brought to the physician because of increasing pain and swelling of his right knee for 12 days. He has had episodes of pain with urination for 3 weeks. He had a painful, swollen left ankle joint that resolved without treatment one week ago. His mother has rheumatoid arthritis. He is sexually active with 2 female partners and uses condoms inconsistently. He appears anxious. His temperature is 38°C (100.4°F), pulse is 68/min, and blood pressure is 100/80 mm Hg. Examination shows bilateral inflammation of the conjunctiva. The right knee is tender, erythematous, and swollen; range of motion is limited by pain. There is tenderness at the left Achilles tendon insertion site. Genital examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 14.5 g/dL
Leukocyte count 12,300/mm3
Platelet count 310,000/mm3
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 38 mm/h
Serum
Urea nitrogen 18 mg/dL
Glucose 89 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.0 mg/dL
Urine
Protein negative
Blood negative
WBC 12–16/hpf
RBC 1–2/hpf
An ELISA test for HIV is negative. Arthrocentesis is done. The synovial fluid is cloudy and a Gram stain is negative. Analysis of the synovial fluid shows a leukocyte count of 26,000/mm3 and 75% neutrophils. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?"
Generated Answer: Reactive arthritis
Ground Truth: Reactive arthritis
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 277:
Question: A 57-year-old man presents to the emergency department because of pain in the center of his chest that is radiating down his left arm and up the left side of his neck. The pain started suddenly 30 minutes ago while the patient was at work. The patient describes the pain as squeezing in nature, 10/10 in intensity, and is associated with nausea and difficulty breathing. He has had type 2 diabetes mellitus for 15 years, hypertension for 10 years, and dyslipidemia, but he denies any history of a cardiac problem. He has a 40-pack-year history of smoking but does not drink alcohol. Vital signs include: blood pressure 80/40 mm Hg, regular pulse 90/min, and temperature 37.2°C (98.9°F). Chest auscultation reveals diffuse bilateral rales with no murmurs. ECG reveals convex ST-segment elevation in leads V1 to V6 and echocardiogram shows anterolateral hypokinesis, retrograde blood flow into the left atrium, and an ejection fraction of 45%. Which of the following best describe the mechanism of this patient’s illness?
Generated Answer: Occlusion of the left anterior descending artery with rupture of a papillary muscle
Ground Truth: Occlusion of the left anterior descending artery with rupture of a papillary muscle
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 924:
Question: A 17-year-old girl comes to the emergency department with a 5-day history of severe abdominal pain, cramping, nausea, and vomiting. She also has pain with urination. She is sexually active with one male partner, and they use condoms inconsistently. She experienced a burning pain when she last had sexual intercourse 3 days ago. Menses occur at regular 28-day intervals and last 5 days. Her last menstrual period was 3 weeks ago. Her temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F), pulse is 83/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg. Physical examination shows abdominal tenderness in the lower quadrants. Pelvic examination shows cervical motion tenderness and purulent cervical discharge. Laboratory studies show a leukocyte count of 15,000/mm3 and an erythrocyte sedimentation rate of 100 mm/h. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Pelvic inflammatory disease
Ground Truth: Pelvic inflammatory disease
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 601:
Question: A 59-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 1-month history of episodic cough and shortness of breath. The cough is nonproductive and worsens when she climbs stairs and during the night. She has not had chest pain or palpitations. Eight weeks ago, she had fever, sore throat, and nasal congestion. She has a 10-year history of hypertension. She has smoked half a pack of cigarettes daily for 16 years. Her only medication is enalapril. Her pulse is 78/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 145/95 mm Hg. Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 96%. Diffuse end-expiratory wheezes are heard on pulmonary auscultation. An x-ray of the chest shows no abnormalities. Spirometry shows an FEV1:FVC ratio of 65% and an FEV1 of 60%. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Asthma
Ground Truth: Asthma
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 439:
Question: A 37-year-old woman presents to the emergency department with right upper quadrant (RUQ) pain. She reports that the pain is not new and usually starts within half an hour of eating a meal. The pain has been previously diagnosed as biliary colic, and she underwent a cholecystectomy three months ago for symptomatic biliary colic. Her liver reportedly looked normal at that time. The patient dates the onset of these episodes to shortly after she underwent a sleeve gastrectomy several years ago, and the episodes were more severe immediately following that surgery. Her postsurgical course was otherwise uncomplicated, and she has lost fifty pounds since then. She has a past medical history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, osteoarthritis, and obesity. She denies alcohol or tobacco use. Her home medications are hydrochlorothiazide, enalapril, atorvastatin, and vitamin supplements. RUQ ultrasound reveals a surgically absent gallbladder and a dilated common bile duct without evidence of stones. Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography (MRCP) shows no evidence of biliary compression or obstruction, and endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) shows no evidence of biliary stones or sludge. Laboratory tests are performed which reveal the following:

ALT: 47 U/L
AST: 56 U/L
Alkaline phosphatase: 165 U/L
Total bilirubin: 1.6 g/dL
Amylase: 135 U/L
Lipase: 160 U/L

Which of the following is definitive treatment of this patient's condition?
Generated Answer: A hormone released by the I cells of the duodenum in the presence of fatty acids is the most effective cause of relaxation.
Ground Truth: Sphincterotomy
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 837:
Question: A 28-year-old primigravid woman is brought to the emergency department after complaining of severe abdominal pain for 3 hours. She has had no prenatal care. There is no leakage of amniotic fluid. Since arrival, she has had 5 contractions in 10 minutes, each lasting 70 to 90 seconds. Pelvic examination shows a closed cervix and a uterus consistent in size with a 38-week gestation. Ultrasound shows a single live intrauterine fetus in a breech presentation consistent with a gestational age of approximately 37 weeks. The amniotic fluid index is 26 and the fetal heart rate is 92/min. The placenta is not detached. She is scheduled for an emergency lower segment transverse cesarean section because of a nonreassuring fetal heart rate. The infant is delivered and APGAR score is noted to be 8 at 1 minute. The doctor soon notices cyanosis of the lips and oral mucosa, which does not resolve when the infant cries. The infant is foaming at the mouth and drooling. He also has an intractable cough. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Placental insufficiency
Ground Truth: Esophageal atresia
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 570:
Question: A 49-year-old woman presents to her primary care physician for a routine health maintenance examination. She says that she is currently feeling well and has not noticed any acute changes in her health. She exercises 3 times a week and has tried to increase the amount of fruits and vegetables in her diet. She has smoked approximately 1 pack of cigarettes every 2 days for the last 20 years. Her last pap smear was performed 2 years ago, which was unremarkable. Her past medical history includes hypertension and type II diabetes. Her mother was diagnosed with breast cancer at 62 years of age. The patient is 5 ft 5 in (165.1 cm), weighs 185 lbs (84 kg), and has a BMI of 30.8 kg/m^2. Her blood pressure is 155/98 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 18/min. Physical examination is unremarkable. Lipid studies demonstrate an LDL cholesterol of 130 mg/dL and an HDL cholesterol of 42 mg/dL. Which of the following is the best next step in management?
Generated Answer: Statin therapy
Ground Truth: Statin therapy
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 879:
Question: A 65-year-old man presents to his primary care physician for fatigue. The patient states that he has not been sleeping well and requests sleep medication to help him with his fatigue. He recently changed his diet to try to increase his energy and has been on a vegetarian diet for the past several months. The patient has no significant past medical history. He smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day and drinks 5 alcoholic beverages per day. The patient has lost 12 pounds since his last visit 1 month ago. Physical exam demonstrates a tired man. He appears thin, and his skin and sclera are icteric. Abdominal ultrasound is notable for a thin-walled and enlarged gallbladder. A urine sample is collected and is noted to be amber in color. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Ankle-brachial index
Ground Truth: Pancreatic adenocarcinoma
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 261:
Question: A 50-year-old man comes to the physician for a routine checkup. He has had a progressively increasing swelling on the nape of his neck for 2 months. He does not have a fever or any discharge from the swelling. He underwent a colectomy for colon cancer at the age of 43 years. He has type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and osteoarthritis of the left knee. Current medications include insulin glargine, metformin, enalapril, and naproxen. He has worked as a traffic warden for the past 6 years and frequently plays golf. He appears healthy. His temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 88/min, and blood pressure is 130/86 mm Hg. Examination of the neck shows a 2.5-cm (1-in) firm, mobile, and painless nodule. The skin over the nodule cannot be pinched. The lungs are clear to auscultation. The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities. A photograph of the lesion is shown. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Epidermoid cyst
Ground Truth: Epidermoid cyst
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 578:
Question: A 26-year-old woman presents to the emergency department with fever, chills, lower quadrant abdominal pain, and urinary frequency for the past week. Her vital signs include temperature 38.9°C (102.0°F), pulse 110/min, respirations 16/min, and blood pressure 122/78 mm Hg. Physical examination is unremarkable. Urinalysis reveals polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNs) > 10 cells/HPF and the presence of bacteria (> 105 CFU/mL). Which of the following is correct concerning the most likely microorganism responsible for this patient’s condition?
Generated Answer: Gram-negative rod-shaped bacilli
Ground Truth: Gram-negative rod-shaped bacilli
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 23:
Question: A 42-year-old woman is in the hospital recovering from a cholecystectomy performed 3 days ago that was complicated by cholangitis. She is being treated with IV piperacillin-tazobactam. She calls the nurse to her room because she says that her heart is racing. She also demands that someone come in to clean the pile of garbage off of the floor because it is attracting flies. Her pulse is 112/min, respiratory rate is 20/min, temperature is 38.0°C (100.4°F), and blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg. On physical examination, the patient appears sweaty, distressed, and unable to remain still. She is oriented to person, but not place or time. Palpation of the abdomen shows no tenderness, rebound, or guarding. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient?
Generated Answer: Delirium tremens
Ground Truth: Delirium tremens
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 30:
Question: A 38-year-old man presents to his physician with double vision persisting for a week. When he enters the exam room, the physician notes that the patient has a broad-based gait. The man’s wife informs the doctor that he has been an alcoholic for the last 5 years and his consumption of alcohol has increased significantly over the past few months. She also reports that he has become indifferent to his family members over time and is frequently agitated. She also says that his memory has been affected significantly, and when asked about a particular detail, he often recollects it incorrectly, though he insists that his version is the true one. On physical examination, his vital signs are stable, but when the doctor asks him where he is, he seems to be confused. His neurological examination also shows nystagmus. Which of the following options describes the earliest change in the pathophysiology of the central nervous system in this man?
Generated Answer: Decreased α-ketoglutarate dehydrogenase activity in astrocytes
Ground Truth: Decreased α-ketoglutarate dehydrogenase activity in astrocytes
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 617:
Question: A previously healthy 2-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department because of a 2-day history of fever and pain in the left lower extremity. His mother says that he has refused to walk for the last two days and has had a poor appetite. He returned from a weekend camping trip about a month ago. His maternal cousin died of osteosarcoma at the age of 12. His immunizations are up-to-date. He is at the 80th percentile for height and 70th percentile for weight. He appears ill. His temperature is 39.3°C (102.7°F), pulse is 115/min, respirations are 19/min, and blood pressure is 95/50 mm Hg. Examination of the left hip shows tenderness; range of motion is limited. Minimal attempts to rotate the hip cause severe discomfort. The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 12 g/dL
Leukocyte count 19,800/mm3
Platelet count 254,000/mm3
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 55 mm/h
Serum
Glucose 80 mg/dL
CRP 15 mg/L
X-rays of the pelvis shows a widened acetabular space on the left side. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Generated Answer: Slipped capital femoral epiphysis
Ground Truth: Synovial fluid drainage plus cefazolin therapy
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 10:
Question: A 46-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 2-week history of diplopia and ocular pain when reading the newspaper. She also has a 3-month history of amenorrhea, hot flashes, and increased sweating. She reports that she has been overweight all her adult life and is happy to have lost 6.8-kg (15-lb) of weight in the past 2 months. Her pulse is 110/min, and blood pressure is 148/98 mm Hg. Physical examination shows moist palms and a nontender thyroid gland that is enlarged to two times its normal size. Ophthalmologic examination shows prominence of the globes of the eyes, bilateral lid retraction, conjunctival injection, and an inability to converge the eyes. There is no pain on movement of the extraocular muscles. Visual acuity is 20/20 bilaterally. Neurologic examination shows a fine resting tremor of the hands. Deep tendon reflexes are 3+ with a shortened relaxation phase. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's ocular complaints?
Generated Answer: Glycosaminoglycan accumulation in the orbit
Ground Truth: Glycosaminoglycan accumulation in the orbit
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 221:
Question: A 2-month-old is brought to the physician for a well-child examination. She was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery and is exclusively breastfed. She weighed 3,400 g (7 lb 8 oz) at birth. At the physician's office, she appears well. Her pulse is 136/min, the respirations are 41/min, and the blood pressure is 82/45 mm Hg. She weighs 5,200 g (11 lb 8 oz) and measures 57.5 cm (22.6 in) in length. The remainder of the physical examination is normal. Which of the following developmental milestones has this patient most likely met?
Generated Answer: Intentionally rolls over
Ground Truth: Smiles in response to face
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 820:
Question: A 41-year-old man presents to the office with pain in his right big toe. The pain started yesterday and has been progressively getting worse to the point that it is difficult to walk. He describes his right big toe as being swollen and hot to the touch. He has never had symptoms like this before. He drinks 3 beers per night. Medical history is otherwise significant for chronic kidney disease. Physical examination is notable for an overweight gentleman in moderate pain, with an erythematous, swollen and tender right toe. He is afebrile. A joint fluid analysis in this patient is most likely to show what?
Generated Answer: Negatively birefringent crystals
Ground Truth: Negatively birefringent crystals
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 296:
Question: A 26-year-old woman presents with sudden-onset pain in her lower back. She says she was exercising in the gym several hours ago when she felt a sharp pain. The pain is radiating down the side of her leg and into her foot. On physical exam, her vital signs are as follows: HR 95, BP 120/70, T 37.2 degrees C. She has extreme pain shooting down her leg with a straight leg raise. Her sensation to light touch and pin-prick is intact throughout. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Disc herniation
Ground Truth: Disc herniation
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 54:
Question: A 60-year-old man comes to the physician for an examination prior to a scheduled cholecystectomy. He has hypertension treated with hydrochlorothiazide. His mother had chronic granulomatous disease of the lung. He works in a glass manufacturing plant. He has smoked two packs of cigarettes daily for 38 years. His vital signs are within normal limits. Examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies are within the reference range. An x-ray of the chest is shown. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Generated Answer: Request previous chest x-ray
Ground Truth: Request previous chest x-ray
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 542:
Question: A 76-year-old man comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. One week ago, he was prescribed azithromycin for acute bacterial sinusitis. He has a history of atrial fibrillation treated with warfarin and metoprolol. Physical examination shows no abnormalities. Compared to one month ago, laboratory studies show a mild increase in INR. Which of the following best explains this patient's laboratory finding?
Generated Answer: Depletion of intestinal flora
Ground Truth: Depletion of intestinal flora
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 209:
Question: A 48-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by his wife 20 minutes after she witnessed him vigorously shaking for about 1 minute. During this episode, he urinated on himself. He feels drowsy and has nausea. He has a history of chronic alcoholism; he has been drinking 15 beers daily for the past 3 days. Before this time, he drank 8 beers daily. His last drink was 2 hours ago. He appears lethargic. His vital signs are within normal limits. Physical and neurologic examinations show no other abnormalities. On mental status examination, he is confused and not oriented to time. Laboratory studies show:
Hematocrit 44.0%
Leukocyte count 12,000/mm3
Platelet count 320,000/mm3
Serum
Na+ 112 mEq/L
Cl- 75 mEq/L
K+ 3.8 mEq/L
HCO3- 13 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 6 mEq/L
Creatinine 0.6 mg/dL
Albumin 2.1 g/dL
Glucose 80 mg/dL
Urgent treatment for this patient's current condition puts him at increased risk for which of the following adverse events?"
Generated Answer: Osmotic myelinolysis
Ground Truth: Osmotic myelinolysis
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 604:
Question: A 15-year-old boy is brought to the physician by his father because he has been waking up frequently during the night to urinate. Apart from occasional headaches, he has no other complaints. His family recently emigrated from Tanzania and his medical history is unknown. His father was diagnosed with sickle cell disease at the age of 5. Physical examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 14.5 g/dL
Hematocrit 44%
MCV 90 fL
Reticulocytes 1.5%
A hemoglobin electrophoresis shows:
HbA 55%
HbS 43%
HbF 1%
This patient is at greatest risk for which of the following conditions?"
Generated Answer: Renal papillary necrosis
Ground Truth: Renal papillary necrosis
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 692:
Question: A 67-year-old woman comes to the physician because of fever, chills, myalgias, and joint pain 1 month after undergoing aortic prosthetic valve replacement due to high-grade aortic stenosis. She does not drink alcohol or use illicit drugs. Her temperature is 39.3°C (102.8°F). She appears weak and lethargic. Physical examination shows crackles at both lung bases and a grade 2/6, blowing diastolic murmur over the right sternal border. Laboratory studies show leukocytosis and an elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate. The causal organism is most likely to have which of the following characteristics?
Generated Answer: Novobiocin-sensitive, coagulase-negative cocci
Ground Truth: Novobiocin-sensitive, coagulase-negative cocci
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 662:
Question: A 51-year-old woman presents to your office with 2 weeks of fatigue and generalized weakness. She has a past medical history of diabetes, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia. She was recently diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and started on disease-modifying therapy. She states she has felt less able to do things she enjoys and feels guilty she can't play sports with her children. Review of systems is notable for the patient occasionally seeing a small amount of bright red blood on the toilet paper. Laboratory studies are ordered as seen below.

Hemoglobin: 12 g/dL
Hematocrit: 36%
Leukocyte count: 7,700/mm^3 with normal differential
Platelet count: 207,000/mm^3
MCV: 110 fL

Which of the following is the most likely etiology of this patient's fatigue?
Generated Answer: Medication side effect
Ground Truth: Medication side effect
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 866:
Question: Three days after undergoing an open cholecystectomy, a 73-year-old man has fever and abdominal pain. He has hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and benign prostatic hyperplasia. He had smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 40 years but quit 1 year ago. He does not drink alcohol. Prior to admission to the hospital, his medications included lisinopril, metformin, ipratropium, and tamsulosin. He appears acutely ill and lethargic. His temperature is 39.5°C (103.1°F), pulse is 108/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 110/84 mm Hg. He is oriented only to person. Examination shows a 10-cm subcostal incision that appears dry and non-erythematous. Scattered expiratory wheezing is heard throughout both lung fields. His abdomen is distended with tenderness to palpation over the lower quadrants. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 10.1 g/dl
Leukocyte count 19,000/mm3
Serum
Glucose 180 mg/dl
Urea Nitrogen 25 mg/dl
Creatinine 1.2 g/dl
Lactic acid 2.5 mEq/L (N = 0.5 - 2.2 mEq/L)
Urine
Protein 1+
RBC 1–2/hpf
WBC 32–38/hpf
Which of the following is the most likely underlying mechanism of this patient's current condition?"
Generated Answer: Mechanical destruction of erythrocytes
Ground Truth: Bladder outlet obstruction
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 70:
Question: A 57-year-old man comes to the physician for a follow-up evaluation of chronic, retrosternal chest pain. The pain is worse at night and after heavy meals. He has taken oral pantoprazole for several months without any relief of his symptoms. Esophagogastroduodenoscopy shows ulcerations in the distal esophagus and a proximally dislocated Z-line. A biopsy of the distal esophagus shows columnar epithelium with goblet cells. Which of the following microscopic findings underlie the same pathomechanism as the cellular changes seen in this patient?
Generated Answer: Squamous epithelium in the bladder
Ground Truth: Squamous epithelium in the bladder
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 543:
Question: A 2-week-old male newborn is brought to the physician because his mother has noticed her son has occasional bouts of ""turning blue in the face"" while crying. He also tires easily and sweats while feeding. He weighed 2150 g (4 lb 11 oz) at birth and has gained 200 g (7 oz). The baby appears mildly cyanotic. Examination shows a 3/6 systolic ejection murmur heard over the left upper sternal border. A single S2 is present. An echocardiography confirms the diagnosis. Which of the following factors is the main determinant of the severity of this patient's cyanosis?"
Generated Answer: Left-to-right shunt through the ventricular septum
Ground Truth: Right ventricular outflow obstruction
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 107:
Question: A newborn male is evaluated in the hospital nursery 24 hours after birth for cyanosis. The patient was born at 38 weeks gestation to a 36-year-old gravida 3 via cesarean section for fetal distress. The patient’s mother received inconsistent prenatal care, and the delivery was uncomplicated. The patient’s Apgar evaluation was notable for acrocyanosis at both 1 and 5 minutes of life. The patient’s mother denies any family history of congenital heart disease. The patient’s father has a past medical history of hypertension, and one of the patient’s older siblings was recently diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder. The patient’s birth weight was 3180 g (7 lb 0 oz). In the hospital nursery, his temperature is 99.3°F (37.4°C), blood pressure is 66/37 mmHg, pulse is 179/min, and respirations are 42/min. On physical exam, the patient is in moderate distress. He has low-set ears, orbital hypertelorism, and a cleft palate. The patient is centrally cyanotic. A chest CT shows thymic hypoplasia. Echocardiography demonstrates a single vessel emanating from both the right and left ventricle.

This patient should be urgently evaluated for which of the following acute complications?
Generated Answer: Complete atrioventricular septal defect
Ground Truth: Neuromuscular irritability
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 493:
Question: A 39-year-old male presents with muscle weakness in his upper and lower extremities. The patient has also noticed some trouble with swallowing. On physical exam, signs of hyperreflexia, spasticity, fasciculations, and muscle atrophy are present in an asymmetric fashion. Tongue fasciculations are also present. No sensory loss is noted. The patient does not report any abnormality with his bowel or bladder function. What will most likely be found on muscle biopsy?
Generated Answer: Denervation and reinnervation of the muscle
Ground Truth: Denervation and reinnervation of the muscle
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 590:
Question: A 30-year-old woman comes to the physician with her husband because they have been trying to conceive for 15 months with no success. They have been sexually active at least twice a week. The husband sometimes has difficulties maintaining erection during sexual activity. During attempted vaginal penetration, the patient has discomfort and her pelvic floor muscles tighten up. Three years ago, the patient was diagnosed with body dysmorphic disorder. There is no family history of serious illness. She does not smoke or drink alcohol. She takes no medications. Vital signs are within normal limits. Pelvic examination shows normal appearing vulva without redness; there is no vaginal discharge. An initial attempt at speculum examination is aborted after the patient's pelvic floor muscles tense up and she experiences discomfort. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Generalized anxiety disorder
Ground Truth: Genitopelvic pain disorder
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 741:
Question: A 29-year-old man presents to the primary care clinic in June for post-discharge follow-up. The patient was recently admitted to the hospital after a motor vehicle collision. At that time he arrived at the emergency department unconscious, hypotensive, and tachycardic. Abdominal CT revealed a hemoperitoneum due to a large splenic laceration; he was taken to the operating room for emergency splenectomy. Since that time he has recovered well without complications. Prior to the accident, he was up-to-date on all of his vaccinations. Which of the following vaccinations should be administered at this time?
Generated Answer: 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine
Ground Truth: 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 292:
Question: A 53-year-old woman comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. One month ago, she was diagnosed with carcinoma of the left breast. She underwent a lumpectomy for a 2.1-cm mass and sentinel lymph node biopsy 2 weeks ago. The biopsy of the breast mass showed margin-free invasive ductal carcinoma; immunohistochemistry showed the carcinoma is estrogen-receptor and progesterone-receptor negative, and HER2-receptor positive. The lymph node biopsy was negative for metastases. Examination shows a healing surgical incision over the left breast. There is no palpable axillary lymphadenopathy. Her physician decides to initiate treatment with appropriate pharmacotherapy. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Generated Answer: Nodal status
Ground Truth: Echocardiography
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 289:
Question: A 32-year-old woman, gravida 2, para 1, at 38 weeks' gestation comes to the emergency department because of vaginal bleeding for the past hour. The patient reports that she felt contractions prior to the onset of the bleeding, but the contractions stopped after the bleeding started. She also has severe abdominal pain. Her first child was delivered by lower segment transverse cesarean section because of a nonreassuring fetal heart rate. Her pulse is 110/min, respirations are 17/min, and blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg. Examination shows diffuse abdominal tenderness with no rebound or guarding; no contractions are felt. The fetal heart rate shows recurrent variable decelerations. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Uterine rupture
Ground Truth: Uterine rupture
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 652:
Question: A 67-year-old man presents to the emergency department with trouble urinating. The patient states that in general he has had difficulty urinating but recently, it has taken significant effort for him to initiate a urinary stream. He finds himself unable to completely void and states he has suprapubic tenderness as a result. These symptoms started suddenly 3 days ago. The patient has a history of benign prostatic hyperplasia, constipation, and diabetes mellitus. His current medications include finasteride, sodium docusate, and hydrochlorothiazide. He recently started taking phenylephrine for seasonal allergies. The patient’s last bowel movement was 2 days ago. His temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 167/98 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 100% on room air. Physical exam is notable for suprapubic tenderness, and an ultrasound reveals 750 mL of fluid in the bladder. Which of the following is the most likely etiology of this patient’s symptoms?
Generated Answer: Medication-induced symptoms
Ground Truth: Medication-induced symptoms
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 39:
Question: A 31-year-old G2P2 female at 40 weeks gestation presents to the hospital following a rush of water that came from her vagina. She is 4 cm dilated and 80% effaced. Fetal heart tracing shows a pulse of 155/min with variable decelerations. About 12 hours after presentation, she gives birth to a 6 lb 15 oz baby boy with APGAR scores of 8 and 9 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively. Which of the following structures is responsible for inhibition of female internal genitalia?
Generated Answer: Sertoli cells
Ground Truth: Sertoli cells
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 589:
Question: A 23-year-old woman is seen by her primary care physician. The patient has a several year history of excessive daytime sleepiness. She also reports episodes where she suddenly falls to the floor after her knees become weak, often during a laughing spell. She has no other significant past medical history. Her primary care physician refers her for a sleep study, which confirms the suspected diagnosis. Which of the following laboratory findings would also be expected in this patient?
Generated Answer: Undetectable CSF hypocretin-1
Ground Truth: Undetectable CSF hypocretin-1
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 307:
Question: A 31-year-old man comes to the physician because of severe muscle pain and fever for 4 days. He likes to go hunting and consumed bear meat 1 month ago. Examination shows periorbital edema and generalized muscle tenderness. His leukocyte count is 12,000/mm3 with 19% eosinophils. The release of major basic protein in response to this patient’s infection is most likely a result of which of the following?
Generated Answer: Antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity
Ground Truth: Antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 679:
Question: A 15-year-old girl comes to the physician because of a 2-year history of irregular menstrual bleeding. Menses have occurred at irregular 45- to 60-day intervals since menarche at the age of 13 years. Her last menstrual period was 5 weeks ago and lasted for 7 days with heavy flow and no cramping. She is not sexually active. She is 171 cm (5 ft 7 in) tall and weighs 58 kg (128 lb); BMI is 20 kg/m2. Her temperature is 36.6°C (97.8°F), pulse is 80/min, and blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg. Pelvic examination shows a normal-appearing vagina and cervix. Bimanual examination shows a normal-sized uterus and no palpable adnexal masses. The remainder of the physical examination shows no abnormalities. A urine pregnancy test is negative. Which of the following is the most likely explanation for this patient's symptoms?
Generated Answer: Anovulation
Ground Truth: Anovulation
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 66:
Question: You are the team physician for an NBA basketball team. On the morning of an important playoff game, an EKG of a star player, Mr. P, shows findings suspicious for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM). Mr. P is an otherwise healthy, fit, professional athlete.

The playoff game that night is the most important of Mr. P's career. When you inform the coach that you are thinking of restricting Mr. P's participation, he threatens to fire you. Later that day you receive a phone call from the owner of the team threatening a lawsuit should you restrict Mr. P's ability to play. Mr. P states that he will be playing in the game "if it's the last thing I do."

Which of the following is the most appropriate next step?
Generated Answer: Educate Mr. P about the risks of HCM
Ground Truth: Educate Mr. P about the risks of HCM
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 275:
Question: A 51-year-old man presents to his dermatologist because of severe stomatitis and superficial skin erosions over his trunk. His condition started 2 months ago and was unresponsive to oral antibiotics and antiherpetic medications. He has no history of a similar rash. His medical history is remarkable for type 2 diabetes mellitus and essential hypertension. The physical examination reveals numerous flaccid blisters and bullae which rupture easily. Nikolsky's sign is positive. Which of the following best represents the etiology of this patient’s condition?
Generated Answer: Anti-desmoglein-3 antibodies
Ground Truth: Anti-desmoglein-3 antibodies
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 67:
Question: A 37-year-old woman presents to the emergency department complaining of generalized malaise, weakness, headache, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea; she last felt well roughly two days ago. She is otherwise healthy, and takes no medications. Her vital signs are: T 38.0, HR 96 beats per minute, BP 110/73, and O2 sat 96% on room air. Examination reveals a somewhat ill-appearing woman; she is drowsy but arousable and has no focal neurological deficits. Initial laboratory studies are notable for hematocrit 26%, platelets of 80,000/mL, and serum creatinine of 1.5 mg/dL. Which of the following is the most appropriate treatment at this time?
Generated Answer: Plasma exchange therapy
Ground Truth: Plasma exchange therapy
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 318:
Question: A 7-month-old boy is brought to the pediatrician for a change in his behavior. The patient has been breastfeeding up until this point and has been meeting his developmental milestones. He is in the 90th percentile for weight and 89th percentile for height. This past week, the patient has been lethargic, vomiting, and has been refusing to eat. The patient's parents state that he had an episode this morning where he was not responsive and was moving his extremities abnormally followed by a period of somnolence. The patient's past medical history is notable for shoulder dystocia and poorly managed maternal diabetes during the pregnancy. His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 60/30 mmHg, pulse is 120/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air. On physical exam, you note a lethargic infant with a sweet smell to his breath. Which of the following is most likely deficient in this patient?
Generated Answer: Accumulation of deoxyadenosine
Ground Truth: Aldolase B
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 548:
Question: A 19-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by the resident assistant of his dormitory for strange behavior. He was found locked out of his room, where the patient admitted to attending a fraternity party before becoming paranoid that the resident assistant would report him to the police. The patient appears anxious. His pulse is 105/min, and blood pressure is 142/85 mm Hg. Examination shows dry mucous membranes and bilateral conjunctival injection. Further evaluation is most likely to show which of the following?
Generated Answer: Impaired reaction time
Ground Truth: Impaired reaction time
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 998:
Question: A 70-year-old man presents with fever, headache, and vomiting. He says that symptoms onset acutely 2 days ago and have not improved. He also reports associated weakness and chills. Past medical history is significant for occasional heartburn. His temperature is 39.4°C (103.0°F), the pulse rate is 124/min, the blood pressure is 130/84 mm Hg, and the respiratory rate is 22/min. On physical examination, there is significant nuchal rigidity. No signs of raised intracranial pressure are present. A lumbar puncture is performed and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis shows lymphocyte-dominant pleocytosis with increased CSF protein levels. Bacteriological culture of the CSF reveals the growth of Listeria monocytogenes. Which of the following antibiotics is the best choice for the treatment of this patient?
Generated Answer: Ampicillin
Ground Truth: Ampicillin
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 714:
Question: A 17-year-old man presents to his primary care physician with a bilateral tremor of the hands. He is a senior in high school and during the year, his grades have plummeted to the point that he is failing. He says his memory is now poor, and he has trouble focusing on tasks. His behavior has changed in the past 6 months, in that he has frequent episodes of depression, separated by episodes of bizarre behavior, including excessive alcohol drinking and shoplifting. His parents have started to suspect that he is using street drugs, which he denies. His handwriting has become very sloppy. His parents have noted slight slurring of his speech. Family history is irrelevant. Physical examination reveals upper extremity tremors, mild dystonia of the upper extremities, and mild incoordination involving his hands. The patient’s eye is shown. Which of the following best represents the etiology of this patient illness?
Generated Answer: Mineral accumulation in the basal ganglia
Ground Truth: Mineral accumulation in the basal ganglia
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 753:
Question: A 62-year-old man comes to the physician because of increased frequency of urination. He also says that he needs to urinate 4 to 5 times nightly and has difficulty initiating a urinary stream. He has had several episodes of acute cystitis treated with ciprofloxacin during the past year. Digital rectal examination shows a firm, symmetrically enlarged, non-tender prostate. This patient is most likely to develop which of the following complications?
Generated Answer: Inflammation of the renal interstitium
Ground Truth: Inflammation of the renal interstitium
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 327:
Question: A 41-year-old woman is referred by her radiation oncologist to the medical genetics clinic. She was recently diagnosed with an infiltrating ductal carcinoma of the breast. She has a previous history of colonic polyps for which she undergoes bi-annual colonoscopy. The maternal and paternal family history is unremarkable for polyps and malignant or benign tumors. However, the patient reports that her 10-year-old son has dark brown pigmentation on his lips, and she also had similar pigmentation as a child. Histology of colonic polyps in this patient will most likely reveal which of the following?
Generated Answer: Hamartomatous polyp
Ground Truth: Hamartomatous polyp
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 382:
Question: A 39-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department in a semi-unconscious state by her neighbor who saw her lose consciousness. There was no apparent injury on the primary survey. She is not currently taking any medications. She has had loose stools for the past 3 days and a decreased frequency of urination. No further history could be obtained. The vital signs include: blood pressure 94/62 mm Hg, temperature 36.7°C (98.0°F), pulse 105/min, and respiratory rate 10/min. The skin appears dry. Routine basic metabolic panel, urine analysis, urine osmolality, and urine electrolytes are pending. Which of the following lab abnormalities would be expected in this patient?
Generated Answer: Serum blood urea nitrogen/creatinine (BUN/Cr) > 20
Ground Truth: Serum blood urea nitrogen/creatinine (BUN/Cr) > 20
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 451:
Question: A 35-year-old G2P1 delivers a boy in the 40th week of gestation. The pregnancy was uncomplicated. The newborn had Apgar scores of 7 and 9 at the 1st and 5th minutes, respectively. On physical examination, the newborn is noted to have a left-sided cleft lip. The hard palate and nose are normal. Which of the following statements describes the cause of the abnormality?
Generated Answer: Failure of fusion of the left maxillary prominence and the medial nasal process of the frontonasal prominence
Ground Truth: Failure of fusion of the left maxillary prominence and the medial nasal process of the frontonasal prominence
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 522:
Question: A 54-year-old man comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. One week ago, he was treated in the emergency department for chest pain, palpitations, and dyspnea. As part of his regimen, he was started on a medication that irreversibly inhibits the synthesis of thromboxane A2 and prostaglandins. Which of the following is the most likely adverse effect of this medication?
Generated Answer: Gastrointestinal hemorrhage
Ground Truth: Gastrointestinal hemorrhage
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 218:
Question: A 67-year-old woman presents to a surgeon with a painless, slowly growing ulcer in the periauricular region for the last 2 months. On physical examination, there is an irregular-shaped ulcer, 2 cm x 1 cm in its dimensions, with irregular margins and crusting over the surface. The woman is a fair-skinned individual who loves to go sunbathing. There is no family history of malignancy. After a complete physical examination, the surgeon performs a biopsy of the lesion under local anesthesia and sends the tissue for histopathological examination. The pathologist confirms the diagnosis of squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. When she asks about the cause, the surgeon explains that there are many possible causes, but it is likely that she has developed squamous cell carcinoma on her face due to repeated exposure to ultraviolet rays from the sun, especially ultraviolet B (UVB) rays. If the surgeon’s opinion is correct, which of the following mechanisms is most likely involved in the pathogenesis of the condition?
Generated Answer: Intrastrand cross-linking of thymidine residues in DNA
Ground Truth: Intrastrand cross-linking of thymidine residues in DNA
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 787:
Question: A 61-year-old man with hypertension and hyperlipidemia comes to the physician for a 4-month history of recurrent episodes of retrosternal chest pain, shortness of breath, dizziness, and nausea. The episodes usually start after physical activity and subside within minutes of resting. He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 40 years. He is 176 cm (5 ft 9 in) tall and weighs 95 kg (209 lb); BMI is 30 kg/m2. His blood pressure is 160/100 mm Hg. Coronary angiography shows an atherosclerotic lesion with stenosis of the left anterior descending artery. Compared to normal healthy coronary arteries, increased levels of platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) are found in this lesion. Which of the following is the most likely effect of this factor?
Generated Answer: Intimal migration of smooth muscles cells
Ground Truth: Intimal migration of smooth muscles cells
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 436:
Question: A 59-year-old male presents to his primary care physician complaining of muscle weakness. Approximately 6 months ago, he started to develop gradually worsening right arm weakness that progressed to difficulty walking about three months ago. His past medical history is notable for a transient ischemic attack, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes mellitus. He takes aspirin, lisinopril, atorvastatin, metformin, and glyburide. He does not smoke and he drinks alcohol occasionally. Physical examination reveals 4/5 strength in right shoulder abduction and right arm flexion. A tremor is noted in the right hand. Strength is 5/5 throughout the left upper extremity. Patellar reflexes are 3+ bilaterally. Sensation to touch and vibration is intact in the bilateral upper and lower extremities. Tongue fasciculations are noted. Which of the following is the most appropriate treatment in this patient?
Generated Answer: Riluzole
Ground Truth: Riluzole
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 764:
Question: A 7-year-old boy is brought to the physician because of a 4-day history of fever, headache, earache, and sore throat that is worse when swallowing. He has not had a runny nose or cough. He had a similar problem 1 year ago for which he was prescribed amoxicillin, but after developing a skin rash and facial swelling he was switched to a different medication. His immunizations are up-to-date. He is at the 75th percentile for height and the 50th percentile for weight. His temperature is 38.9°C (102°F), pulse is 136/min, and respirations are 28/min. Examination of the oral cavity reveals a coated tongue, red uvula, and enlarged right tonsil covered by a whitish membrane. The deep cervical lymph nodes are enlarged and tender. A throat swab is taken for culture. What is the next most appropriate step in the management of this patient?
Generated Answer: Echocardiography
Ground Truth: Erythromycin
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 88:
Question: A 22-year-old female presents to her physician for evaluation of a vaginal discharge, itching, and irritation. She recently started a new relationship with her boyfriend, who is her only sexual partner. He does not report any genitourinary symptoms. She takes oral contraceptives and does not use  barrier contraception. The medical history is unremarkable. The vital signs are within normal limits. A gynecologic examination reveals a thin, yellow, frothy vaginal discharge with a musty, unpleasant odor and numerous punctate red maculae on the ectocervix. The remainder of the exam is normal. Which of the following organisms will most likely be revealed on wet mount microscopy?
Generated Answer: Motile round or oval-shaped microorganisms
Ground Truth: Motile round or oval-shaped microorganisms
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 63:
Question: A 4-year-old boy is brought to the physician because of swelling around his eyes for 4 days. The swelling is most severe in the morning and milder by bedtime. Ten days ago, he had a sore throat that resolved spontaneously. His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 103/min, and blood pressure is 88/52 mm Hg. Examination shows 3+ pitting edema of the lower extremities and periorbital edema. The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 15.3 g/dL
Leukocyte count 10,500/mm3
Platelet count 480,000/mm3
Serum
Urea nitrogen 36 mg/dL
Glucose 67 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.8 mg/dL
Albumin 2.6 mg/dL
Urine
Blood negative
Glucose negative
Protein 4+
RBC none
WBC 0–1/hpf
Fatty casts numerous
Protein/creatinine ratio 6.8 (N ≤0.2)
Serum complement concentrations are within the reference ranges. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Generated Answer: Prednisone therapy
Ground Truth: Prednisone therapy
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 826:
Question: A 4-year-old boy is brought to the physician because of a rash and difficulty swallowing. His family emigrated from Nigeria 2 months ago. Examination shows an erythematous rash with fine yellow scales on his eyebrows and nasolabial folds. Oral examination shows an erythematous throat and swollen tongue. There is peeling and fissures of the skin at the corners of the mouth and cracking of the lips. His hemoglobin concentration is 9.6 g/dL; mean corpuscular volume is 89 μm3. Erythrocyte glutathione reductase assay shows an increased activity coefficient. This patient is most likely deficient in a vitamin that is a precursor to which of the following molecules?
Generated Answer: Flavin adenine dinucleotide
Ground Truth: Flavin adenine dinucleotide
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 716:
Question: A 40-year-old man comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. He feels well. He has no urinary urgency, increased frequency, dysuria, or gross hematuria. He has a history of recurrent urinary tract infections. His last urinary tract infection was 3 months ago and was treated with ciprofloxacin. Current medications include a multivitamin. He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 18 years. Vital signs are within normal limits. The abdomen is soft and nontender. There is no costovertebral angle tenderness. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 11.2 g/dL
Leukocyte count 9,500/mm3
Platelet count 170,000/mm3
Serum
Na+ 135 mEq/L
K+ 4.9 mEq/L
Cl- 101 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 18 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.6 mg/dL
Urine
Blood 2+
Protein negative
RBC 5–7/hpf, normal shape and size
RBC casts negative
WBC 0–2/hpf
Bacteria negative
Urine cultures are negative. Urine analysis is repeated and shows similar results. A cystoscopy shows no abnormalities. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Generated Answer: CT urography
"
Ground Truth: CT urography
"
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 351:
Question: A 32-year-old G1P0 woman presents to her obstetrician for a prenatal visit. She is 30 weeks pregnant. She reports some fatigue and complains of urinary urgency. Prior to this pregnancy, she had no significant medical history. She takes a prenatal vitamin and folate supplements daily. Her mother has diabetes, and her brother has coronary artery disease. On physical examination, the fundal height is 25 centimeters. A fetal ultrasound shows a proportional reduction in head circumference, trunk size, and limb length. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the patient’s presentation?
Generated Answer: Rubella infection
Ground Truth: Rubella infection
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 936:
Question: A 37-year-old man comes to the emergency department for severe eye pain. The patient reports that he is a construction worker and was drilling metal beams when he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his right eye. Since then, the vision in his right eye has seemed blurry and his eye “has not stopped tearing.” The patient’s medical history is significant for type II diabetes mellitus and hypertension. His medications include metformin, captopril, and lovastatin. He has a mother with glaucoma, and both his brother and father have coronary artery disease. Upon physical examination, there is conjunctival injection present in the right eye with no obvious lacerations to the eyelids or defects in extraocular eye movements. Pupils are equal and reactive to light. No afferent pupillary defect is appreciated. The unaffected eye has 20/20 visual acuity. The patient refuses to participate in the visual acuity exam of the right eye due to pain. Which of the following is the best initial step in management?
Generated Answer: Fluorescein stain
Ground Truth: Fluorescein stain
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 256:
Question: A 72-year-old man presents to his primary care provider complaining of fatigue, mild headache, and discomfort with chewing for roughly 1 week. Before this, he felt well overall, but now is he is quite bothered by these symptoms. His medical history is notable for hypertension and hyperlipidemia, both controlled. On examination, he is uncomfortable but nontoxic-appearing. There is mild tenderness to palpation over his right temporal artery, but otherwise the exam is not revealing. Prompt recognition and treatment can prevent which of the following feared complications:
Generated Answer: Blindness
Ground Truth: Blindness
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 635:
Question: A 27-year-old woman develops progressive difficulty breathing after a long day of chores in a dusty house. These chores included brushing the family dog, vacuuming, dusting, and sweeping. She occasionally gets these episodes once or twice a year and has her medication on hand. Her symptoms are reversed by inhaling a β2-adrenergic receptor agonist. Which of the following chemical mediators is responsible for this patient’s breathing difficulties?
Generated Answer: Leukotrienes
Ground Truth: Leukotrienes
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 644:
Question: A 13-year-old boy is brought to the physician because of a 5-day history of a rash on his chest and back. His mother initially noticed only a few lesions on his back, but since then the rash has spread to his chest. His family returned from a trip to the Caribbean 2 weeks ago. His mother started using a new laundry detergent 8 days ago. He has type 1 diabetes mellitus controlled with insulin. His mother has Hashimoto thyroiditis and his brother has severe facial acne. His temperature is 37.2°C (99°F), pulse is 81/min, and blood pressure is 115/74 mm Hg. Examination of the skin shows multiple, nontender, round, white macules on the chest and trunk. There is fine scaling when the lesions are scraped with a spatula. There are no excoriation marks. The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities. Which of the following is the most likely underlying mechanism of this patient's symptoms?
Generated Answer: Increased growth of Malassezia globosa
Ground Truth: Increased growth of Malassezia globosa
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 554:
Question: A 23-year-old woman with asthma is brought to the emergency department because of shortness of breath and wheezing for 20 minutes. She is unable to speak more than a few words at a time. Her pulse is 116/min and respirations are 28/min. Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 92%. Examination of the lungs shows decreased breath sounds and scattered end-expiratory wheezing over all lung fields. Treatment with high-dose continuous inhaled albuterol is begun. This patient is at increased risk for which of the following adverse effects?
Generated Answer: Blood in the pleural space
Ground Truth: Hypokalemia
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 959:
Question: A 10-month-old boy is brought to the clinic with a history of recurrent episodes of stridor and wheezing. His mother reports that his wheezing is exacerbated by crying, feeding, and flexion of the neck, and is relieved by extension of the neck. Occasionally he vomits after feeding. What is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Double aortic arch
Ground Truth: Double aortic arch
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 168:
Question: A 24-year-old woman presents to the labor and delivery floor in active labor at 40 weeks gestation. She has a prolonged course but ultimately vaginally delivers an 11 pound boy. On post operative day 2, she is noted to have uterine tenderness and decreased bowel sounds. She states she has been urinating more frequently as well. Her temperature is 102°F (38.9°C), blood pressure is 118/78 mmHg, pulse is 111/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air. Physical exam is notable for a non-distended abdomen and a tender uterus. Pulmonary exam reveals minor bibasilar crackles. Initial laboratory studies and a urinalysis are pending. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Endometritis
Ground Truth: Endometritis
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 917:
Question: A 25-year-old man is in the middle of an ascent up a mountain, at an elevation of about 4,500 meters. This is the 4th day of his expedition. His friend notices that in the last few hours, he has been coughing frequently and appears to be short of breath. He has used his albuterol inhaler twice in the past 4 hours, but it does not seem to help. Within the past hour, he has coughed up some frothy, slightly pink sputum and is now complaining of nausea and headache. Other than his asthma, which has been well-controlled on a steroid inhaler, he is healthy. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this man’s symptoms?
Generated Answer: Non-cardiogenic pulmonary edema
Ground Truth: Non-cardiogenic pulmonary edema
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 528:
Question: A 14-year-old girl comes to the physician because of excessive flow and duration of her menses. Since menarche a year ago, menses have occurred at irregular intervals and lasted 8–9 days. Her last menstrual period was 5 weeks ago with passage of clots. She has no family or personal history of serious illness and takes no medications. She is at the 50th percentile for height and 20th percentile for weight. Physical examination shows no abnormalities. A urine pregnancy test is negative. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms?
Generated Answer: Inadequate gonadotropin production
Ground Truth: Inadequate gonadotropin production
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 823:
Question: A 75-year-old man is brought to the emergency room after being found unconscious in his home. His medical history is unknown. On physical examination he does not demonstrate any spontaneous movement of his extremities and is unable to respond to voice or painful stimuli. You notice that he is able blink and move his eyes in the vertical plane. Based on these physical exam findings, you expect that magnetic resonance angiogram will most likely reveal an occlusion in which of the following vessels?
Generated Answer: Basilar artery
Ground Truth: Basilar artery
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 985:
Question: A 58-year-old right-handed man is brought to the emergency department after he was found unconscious in his living room by his wife. She reports that he has never had a similar episode before. The patient has hypertension and consumes multiple alcoholic drinks per day. On arrival, he is confused and oriented only to person. He cannot recall what happened. He has difficulty speaking and his words are slurred. He reports a diffuse headache and muscle pain and appears fatigued. His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 85/min, respirations are 14/min, and blood pressure is 135/70 mm Hg. Examination shows a 2-cm bruise on his right shoulder. Strength is 5/5 throughout, except for 1/5 in the left arm. The remainder of the physical examination shows no abnormalities. An ECG shows left ventricular hypertrophy. A CT scan of the head without contrast shows no abnormalities. Which of the following is the most likely underlying cause of this patient's symptoms?
Generated Answer: Seizure
Ground Truth: Seizure
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 816:
Question: A 17-year-old boy is brought to the physician by his father because of a 7-month history of fatigue, recurrent leg cramps, and increased urinary frequency. His pulse is 94/min and blood pressure is 118/85 mm Hg. Physical examination shows dry mucous membranes. Laboratory studies show:
Serum
Na+ 130 mEq/L
K+ 2.8 mEq/L
Cl- 92 mEq/L
Mg2+ 1.1 mEq/L
Ca2+ 10.6 mg/dL
Albumin 5.2 g/dL
Urine
Ca2+ 70 mg/24 h
Cl- 375 mEq/24h (N = 110–250)
Arterial blood gas analysis on room air shows a pH of 7.55 and an HCO3- concentration of 45 mEq/L. Impaired function of which of the following structures is the most likely cause of this patient's condition?"
Generated Answer: Distal convoluted tubule
Ground Truth: Distal convoluted tubule
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 86:
Question: A 30-year-old woman is brought to the urgent care clinic by her husband. She complains of numbness around her lips and a tingling sensation in her hands and feet. She underwent near-total thyroidectomy for an enlarged thyroid gland a month ago. Vital signs include: blood pressure is 130/70 mm Hg, pulse is 72/min, respiratory rate is 16/min, and temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F). A surgical incision scar is present in the anterior aspect of the neck. The attending physician inflates the blood pressure cuff above 150 mm Hg and observes the patient a couple of minutes while measuring her blood pressure. The patient develops sudden stiffness and tingling in her hand. Blood test results are as follows:
Hemoglobin (Hb%) 10.2 g/dL
White blood cell count 7000/mm3
Platelet count 160,000/mm3
Calcium, serum (Ca2+) 6.0 mg/dL
Albumin 4 g/dL
Alanine aminotransferase (ALT), serum 15 U/L
Aspartate aminotransferase (AST), serum 8 U/L
Serum creatinine 0.5 mg/dL
Urea 27 mg/dL
Sodium 137 mEq/L
Potassium 4.5 mEq/L
Magnesium 2.5 mEq/L
Urinalysis shows no white or red blood cells and leukocyte esterase is negative. Which of the following is the next best step in the management of this patient?
Generated Answer: Serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) level
Ground Truth: Serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) level
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 432:
Question: A 24-hour-old girl is found to be cyanotic in the newborn nursery. She was born via spontaneous vaginal delivery at 38 weeks gestation to a gravida 1, para 0 healthy mother who received routine prenatal care. The patient is small for her gestational age. She manifests lower-extremity cyanosis along with a mesh-like mass on the back of her neck. Her vital signs are: pulse, 150/min; respirations, 48/min; and blood pressure, 120/80 mm Hg in the right arm, 124/82 mm Hg in the left arm, 80/40 mm Hg in the right leg, and 85/45 mm Hg in the left leg. Femoral pulses are 1+ and delayed. Cardiac examination shows a continuous murmur in the interscapular area. Auscultation of the lung reveals faint crackles at the base of the lung fields bilaterally. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Generated Answer: Administration of alprostadil
Ground Truth: Administration of alprostadil
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 184:
Question: A 45-year-old woman comes to the office with a 2-week history of rectal bleeding that occurs every day with her bowel movements. She denies any pain during defecation. Apart from this, she does not have any other complaints. Her past medical history is insignificant except for 5 normal vaginal deliveries. Her vitals are a heart rate of 72/min, a respiratory rate of 15/min, a temperature of 36.7°C (98.1°F), and a blood pressure of 115/85 mm Hg. On rectovaginal examination, there is a palpable, non-tender, prolapsed mass that can be pushed back by the examiner's finger into the anal sphincter. What is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Hemorrhoids
Ground Truth: Hemorrhoids
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 978:
Question: A 26-year-old healthy woman presents with lightheadedness, palpitations, and sweating, which started suddenly after she was frightened by her neighbor’s dog. The patient’s blood pressure is 135/80 mm Hg, the heart rate is 150/min, the respiratory rate is 15/min, and the temperature is 36.6℃ (97.9℉). Her ECG is shown in the exhibit. What is the preferred agent for pharmacologic management of this condition?
Generated Answer: Adenosine
Ground Truth: Adenosine
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 534:
Question: An investigator is studying cardiomyocytes in both normal and genetically modified mice. Both the normal and genetically modified mice are observed after aerobic exercise and their heart rates are recorded and compared. After a 10-minute session on a treadmill, the average pulse measured in the normal mice is 680/min, whereas in the genetically modified mice it is only 160/min. Which of the following is most likely to account for the increased heart rate seen in the normal mice?
Generated Answer: Greater T-tubule density
Ground Truth: Greater T-tubule density
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 294:
Question: A 45-year-old woman presents to the physician with a 6-month history of progressive shortness of breath. She now has to stop to rest three or four times whenever she climbs the stairs to her apartment on the third floor. She reports chronic, nonproductive cough and wheezing, for which she uses ipratropium inhalers. She has a 25 pack-year smoking history. On examination, the blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, the pulse rate is 95/min, the temperature is 36.6°C (97.8°F), and the respiratory rate is 26/min. Chest auscultation reveals bilateral crepitations. Cardiac auscultation reveals normal S1 and S2 without murmurs or added sounds. Arterial blood gas analysis shows:
pH 7.36 (reference: 7.35–7.45)
HCO3- 32 mEq/L  (reference 22–28 mEq/L)
Pco2 48 mm Hg  (reference: 33–45 mm Hg)
Po2 63 mm Hg (reference: 75–105 mm Hg)
O2 saturation 91% (reference: 94–99%)
Which of the following would you expect to find in this patient?
Generated Answer: Decreased diffusing capacity of the lungs for carbon monoxide (DLCO)
Ground Truth: Decreased diffusing capacity of the lungs for carbon monoxide (DLCO)
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 892:
Question: A 29-year-old woman is brought to the physician by her father because of a change in her behavior over the past 8 months. The father says that his daughter has become increasingly withdrawn; she has not answered any phone calls or visited her family and friends. The patient says that she has to stay at home because a foreign intelligence service is monitoring her. She thinks that they are using a magnetic field to read her mind. Mental status exam shows disjointed and perseverative thinking. She is anxious and has a flat affect. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Schizophrenia
Ground Truth: Schizophrenia
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 425:
Question: A 25-year-old man is brought to the physician because of fatigue, lethargy, and lower leg swelling for 2 weeks. He also noticed that his urine appeared darker than usual and for the last 2 days he has passed only small amounts of urine. His temperature is 37.5°C (98.6°F), pulse is 88/min, respirations are 15/min, and blood pressure is 154/98 mm Hg. Examination shows 2+ pretibial edema bilaterally. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 10.9 g/dL
Leukocyte count 8200/mm3
Platelet count 220,000/mm3
Serum
Na+ 137 mEq/L
Cl- 102 mEq/L
K+ 4.8 mEq/L
HCO3- 22 mEq/L
Glucose 85 mg/dL
Urea nitrogen 34 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.4 mg/dL
Urine
Blood 2+
Protein 3+
Glucose negative
RBC 10–12/HPF with dysmorphic features
RBC casts numerous
Renal biopsy specimen shows a crescent formation in the glomeruli with extracapillary cell proliferation. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Generated Answer: Administer methylprednisolone
Ground Truth: Administer methylprednisolone
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 713:
Question: A 42-year-old man comes to the physician for 1 month of worsening right knee pain. He has not had any trauma other than stubbing his toe 3 days ago at the garage where he works as a mechanic. Examination of the right knee shows swelling and erythema with fluctuance over the inferior patella. There is tenderness on palpation of the patella but no joint line tenderness or warmth. The range of flexion is limited because of the pain. Which of the following is the most likely underlying cause of this patient's symptoms?
Generated Answer: Prepatellar bursa
Ground Truth: Inflammation of periarticular fluid-filled sac
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 260:
Question: A 22-year-old man comes to the physician because of a progressive swelling and pain in his right ring finger for the past 2 days. The pain began while playing football, when his finger got caught in the jersey of another player who forcefully pulled away. Examination shows that the right ring finger is extended. There is pain and swelling at the distal interphalangeal joint. When the patient is asked to make a fist, his right ring finger does not flex at the distal interphalangeal joint. There is no joint laxity. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Rupture of the flexor digitorum profundus tendon at its point of insertion
Ground Truth: Rupture of the flexor digitorum profundus tendon at its point of insertion
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 237:
Question: A general surgery intern is paged to the bedside of a 59-year-old male who underwent a successful sigmoidectomy for treatment of recurrent diverticulitis. The patient's nurse just recorded a temperature of 38.7 C, and relates that the patient is complaining of chills. The surgery was completed 8 hours ago and was complicated by extensive bleeding, with an estimated blood loss of 1,700 mL. Post-operative anemia was diagnosed after a hemoglobin of 5.9 g/dL was found; 2 units of packed red blood cells were ordered, and the transfusion was initiated 90 minutes ago. The patient's vital signs are as follows: T 38.7 C, HR 88, BP 138/77, RR 18, SpO2 98%. Physical examination does not show any abnormalities. After immediately stopping the transfusion, which of the following is the best management of this patient's condition?
Generated Answer: Monitor patient and administer acetaminophen
Ground Truth: Monitor patient and administer acetaminophen
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 559:
Question: A 32-year-old woman comes to the emergency department for a 2-week history of right upper quadrant abdominal pain. She has also been feeling tired and nauseous for the past 5 weeks. She has a history of depression and suicidal ideation. She is a social worker for an international charity foundation. She used intravenous illicit drugs in the past but quit 4 months ago. Her only medication is sertraline. Her temperature is 37.8°C (100.0°F), pulse is 100/min, and blood pressure is 128/76 mm Hg. She is alert and oriented. Scleral icterus is present. Abdominal examination shows tenderness to palpation in the right upper quadrant. The liver edge is palpated 3 cm below the right costal margin. There is no rebound tenderness or guarding. The abdomen is non-distended and the fluid wave test is negative. She is able to extend her arms with wrists in full extension and hold them steady without flapping. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 13.8 g/dL
Leukocytes 13,700/mm3
Platelets 165,000/mm3
Prothrombin time 14 seconds
Partial thromboplastin time 35 seconds
Serum:
Total bilirubin 4.8 mg/dL
Direct bilirubin 1.3 mg/dL
Aspartate aminotransferase 1852 U/L
Alanine aminotransferase 2497 U/L
Urea nitrogen 21 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.2 mg/dL
Hepatitis A IgM antibody Negative
Hepatitis B surface antigen Negative
Hepatitis B surface antibody Negative
Hepatitis B core IgM antibody Positive
Hepatitis C antibody Positive
Hepatitis C RNA Negative
Urine beta-hCG Negative
Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?"
Generated Answer: Supportive therapy
Ground Truth: Supportive therapy
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 583:
Question: A 43-year-old woman presents to her primary care physician for a general wellness appointment. The patient states that sometimes she has headaches and is ashamed of her body habitus. Otherwise, the patient has no complaints. The patient's 90-year-old mother recently died of breast cancer. The patient smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day. She drinks 2-3 glasses of red wine per day with dinner. She has been considering having a child as she has just been promoted to a position that gives her more time off and a greater income. The patient's current medications include lisinopril, metformin, and a progesterone intrauterine device (IUD). On physical exam, you note a normal S1 and S2 heart sound. Pulmonary exam is clear to auscultation bilaterally. The patient's abdominal, musculoskeletal, and neurological exams are within normal limits. The patient is concerned about her risk for breast cancer and asks what she can do to reduce her chance of getting this disease. Which of the following is the best recommendation for this patient?
Generated Answer: Exercise and reduce alcohol intake
Ground Truth: Exercise and reduce alcohol intake
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 445:
Question: A 23-year-old woman comes to the emergency department for increasing abdominal pain and confusion for 3 days. The pain is constant and she describes it as 8 out of 10 in intensity. She has the strong feeling that she is being watched. She has not had a bowel movement for 2 days. She began experiencing tingling in parts of her lower extremities 4 hours ago. She consumed a large number of alcoholic beverages prior to the onset of the abdominal pain. Her temperature is 38°C (100.8°F), pulse is 113/min, and blood pressure is 148/88 mm Hg. She appears distracted and admits to hearing whispering intermittently during the examination, which shows a distended abdomen and mild tenderness to palpation diffusely. There is no guarding or rebound tenderness present. Bowel sounds are decreased. There is weakness of the iliopsoas and hamstring muscles. Sensation is decreased over the lower extremities. Deep tendon reflexes are 2+ in the lower extremities. Mental status examination shows she is oriented only to person and place. A complete blood count and serum concentrations of electrolytes, glucose, creatinine are within the reference range. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Generated Answer: Hemin therapy
Ground Truth: Hemin therapy
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 867:
Question: A 45-year-old man presents to his primary care physician complaining of increasingly frequent headaches. He also reports that his hats and wedding ring do not fit anymore. His temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 145/80 mmHg, pulse is 85/min, and respirations are 16/min. Physical examination is notable for frontal bossing, a prominent jaw, and an enlarged tongue. A chest radiograph reveals mild cardiomegaly. Serum insulin-like growth factor 1 levels are significantly elevated. Which of the following conditions is this patient at greatest risk for?
Generated Answer: Carpal tunnel syndrome
Ground Truth: Carpal tunnel syndrome
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 800:
Question: A 41-year-old G3P3 woman presents with acute on chronic right upper quadrant abdominal pain. She says that her current symptoms acutely onset 8 hours ago after eating a large meal and have not improved. She describes the pain as severe, sharp and cramping in character, and localized to the right upper quadrant. She also describes feeling nauseous. The patient says she has had similar less severe episodes intermittently for the past 2 years, usually precipitated by the intake of fatty foods. She denies any history of fever or jaundice. Vital signs are stable. Physical examination is unremarkable, and laboratory findings show normal liver function tests and normal serum bilirubin and serum amylase levels. Ultrasonography of the abdomen reveals multiple stones in the gallbladder. The patient is managed symptomatically for this episode, and after a few months, undergoes elective cholecystectomy, which reveals multiple stones in her gallbladder as shown in the figure (see image). Which of the following best describes these gallstones?
Generated Answer: They are formed due to bile supersaturated with cholesterol.
Ground Truth: They are formed due to bile supersaturated with cholesterol.
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 599:
Question: A 33-year-old woman, gravida 2, para 1, at 26 weeks' gestation comes to the emergency department because of frequent contractions. The contractions are 40 seconds each, occurring every 2 minutes, and increasing in intensity. Her first child was delivered by lower segment transverse cesarean section because of a nonreassuring fetal heart rate. Her current medications include folic acid and a multivitamin. Her temperature is 36.9°C (98.4°F), heart rate is 88/min, and blood pressure is 126/76 mm Hg. Contractions are felt on the abdomen. There is clear fluid in the vulva and the introitus. The cervix is dilated to 5 cm, 70% effaced, and station of the head is -2. A fetal ultrasound shows polyhydramnios, a median cleft lip, and fused thalami. The corpus callosum, 3rd ventricle, and lateral ventricles are absent. The spine shows no abnormalities and there is a four chamber heart. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Generated Answer: Allow vaginal delivery
Ground Truth: Allow vaginal delivery
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 849:
Question: A 39-year-old woman presents to the clinic with complaints of constipation for the past 2 weeks. She reports that it has been getting increasingly difficult to pass stool to the point that she would go for 2-3 days without going to the bathroom. Prior to this, she passed stool every day without difficulty. She denies weight changes, headaches, chest pain, or abdominal pain but endorses fatigue. Her past medical history is significant for 2 episodes of kidney stones within the past 3 months. A physical examination is unremarkable. Laboratory studies are done and the results are shown below:

Serum:
Na+: 138 mEq/L
Cl-: 97 mEq/L
K+: 3.9 mEq/L
HCO3-: 24 mEq/L 
BUN: 10 mg/dL
Glucose: 103 mg/dL
Creatinine: 1.1 mg/dL
Thyroid-stimulating hormone: 3.1 uU/mL
Ca2+: 12.1 mg/dL
Phosphate: 1.2 mg/dL (Normal: 2.5-4.5 mg/dL)

What is the most likely explanation for this patient’s low phosphate levels?
Generated Answer: Inhibition of sodium-phosphate cotransporter at the proximal convoluted tubule (PCT)
Ground Truth: Inhibition of sodium-phosphate cotransporter at the proximal convoluted tubule (PCT)
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 265:
Question: A 47-year-old man comes to the physician because of abdominal pain and foul-smelling, watery diarrhea for several days. He has not had nausea, vomiting, or blood in the stool. He has a history of alcohol use disorder and recently completed a 7-day course of clindamycin for pneumonia. He has not traveled out of the United States. Which of the following toxins is most likely to be involved in the pathogenesis of this patient's symptoms?
Generated Answer: Heat-labile toxin
Ground Truth: Clostridioides difficile cytotoxin
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 995:
Question: A 51-year-old man is bitten by a cottonmouth viper and is successfully treated with sheep hyperimmune Fab antivenom. Three days later, the patient develops an abdominal itchy rash and re-presents to the emergency department for medical care. His medical history is significant for gout, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes mellitus type II, and multiple basal cell carcinomas on his face and neck. He currently smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day, drinks a 6-pack of beer per day, and denies any current illicit drug use. His vital signs include: temperature 40.0°C (104.0°F), blood pressure 126/74 mm Hg, heart rate 111/min, and respiratory rate 23/min. On physical examination, his gait is limited by diffuse arthralgias, lung sounds are clear bilaterally, and he has normal heart sounds. The patient has a pruritic periumbilical serpiginous macular rash that has spread to involve the back, upper trunk, and extremities. Of the following options, which is the next best step in patient management?
Generated Answer: Glucocorticoid taper with antihistamines
Ground Truth: Glucocorticoid taper with antihistamines
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 529:
Question: A 3-week-old boy is brought to the pediatrician by his parents for a circumcision. The circumcision was uncomplicated; however, after a few hours, the diaper contained blood, and the bleeding has not subsided. A complete blood count was ordered, which was significant for a platelet count of 70,000/mm3. On peripheral blood smear, the following was noted (figure A). The prothrombin time was 12 seconds, partial thromboplastin time was 32 seconds, and bleeding time was 13 minutes. On platelet aggregation studies, there was no response with ristocetin. This result was not corrected with the addition of normal plasma. There was a normal aggregation response with the addition of ADP. Which of the following is most likely true of this patient's underlying disease?
Generated Answer: Decreased GpIb
Ground Truth: Decreased GpIb
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 55:
Question: You are examining a 3-day-old newborn who was delivered vaginally without any complications. The newborn presents with vomiting, hyperventilation, lethargy, and seizures. Blood work demonstrates hyperammonemia, elevated glutamine levels, and decreased blood urea nitrogen. A CT scan demonstrates cerebral edema. Defects in which of the following enzymes would result in a clinical presentation similar to this infant?
Generated Answer: Carbamoyl phosphate synthetase I
Ground Truth: Carbamoyl phosphate synthetase I
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 120:
Question: A 61-year-old woman presents to her physician with a persistent cough. She has been unable to control her cough and also is finding it increasingly difficult to breathe. The cough has been persistent for about 2 months now, but 2 weeks ago she started noticing streaks of blood in the sputum regularly after coughing. Over the course of 4 months, she has also observed an unusual loss of 10 kg (22 lb) in her weight. She has an unchanged appetite and remains fairly active, which makes her suspicious as to the cause of her weight loss. Another troublesome concern for her is that on a couple occasions over the past few weeks, she has observed herself drenched in sweat when she wakes up in the morning. Other than having a 35 pack-year smoking history, her medical history is insignificant. She is sent for a chest X-ray which shows a central nodule of about 13 mm located in the hilar region. Which of the following would be the next best step in the management of this patient?
Generated Answer: Mediastinoscopy
Ground Truth: Mediastinoscopy
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 215:
Question: A 25-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department after being involved in a rear-end collision, in which she was the restrained driver of the back car. On arrival, she is alert and active. She reports pain in both knees and severe pain over the right groin. Temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 116/min, respirations are 19/min, and blood pressure is 132/79 mm Hg. Physical examination shows tenderness over both knee caps. The right groin is tender to palpation. The right leg is slightly shortened, flexed, adducted, and internally rotated. The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Posterior hip dislocation
Ground Truth: Posterior hip dislocation
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 25:
Question: A 53-year-old man comes to the emergency department because of severe right-sided flank pain for 3 hours. The pain is colicky, radiates towards his right groin, and he describes it as 8/10 in intensity. He has vomited once. He has no history of similar episodes in the past. Last year, he was treated with naproxen for swelling and pain of his right toe. He has a history of hypertension. He drinks one to two beers on the weekends. Current medications include amlodipine. He appears uncomfortable. His temperature is 37.1°C (99.3°F), pulse is 101/min, and blood pressure is 130/90 mm Hg. Examination shows a soft, nontender abdomen and right costovertebral angle tenderness. An upright x-ray of the abdomen shows no abnormalities. A CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis shows a 7-mm stone in the proximal ureter and grade I hydronephrosis on the right. Which of the following is most likely to be seen on urinalysis?
Generated Answer: Urinary pH: 4.7
Ground Truth: Urinary pH: 4.7
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 72:
Question: A 52-year-old man presents for a routine checkup. Past medical history is remarkable for stage 1 systemic hypertension and hepatitis A infection diagnosed 10 years ago. He takes aspirin, rosuvastatin, enalapril daily, and a magnesium supplement every once in a while. He is planning to visit Ecuador for a week-long vacation and is concerned about malaria prophylaxis before his travel. The physician advised taking 1 primaquine pill every day while he is there and for 7 consecutive days after leaving Ecuador. On the third day of his trip, the patient develops an acute onset headache, dizziness, shortness of breath, and fingertips and toes turning blue. His blood pressure is 135/80 mm Hg, heart rate is 94/min, respiratory rate is 22/min, temperature is 36.9℃ (98.4℉), and blood oxygen saturation is 97% in room air. While drawing blood for his laboratory workup, the nurse notes that his blood has a chocolate brown color. Which of the following statements best describes the etiology of this patient’s most likely condition?
Generated Answer: It is a type B adverse drug reaction.
Ground Truth: It is a type B adverse drug reaction.
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 44:
Question: A 38-year-old woman undergoes hemithyroidectomy for treatment of localized, well-differentiated papillary thyroid carcinoma. The lesion is removed with clear margins. However, during the surgery, a structure lying directly adjacent to the superior thyroid artery at the upper pole of the thyroid lobe is damaged. This patient is most likely to experience which of the following symptoms?
Generated Answer: Voice pitch limitation
Ground Truth: Voice pitch limitation
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 247:
Question: A 27-year-old woman comes to the emergency room because of fever and severe left knee pain for the past week. She has not sustained any trauma or injury to the area, nor has she traveled or taken part in outdoor activities in the recent past. She is sexually active with one male partner, and they use condoms inconsistently. She appears ill. Her temperature is 38°C (100.4°F), pulse is 98/min, respirations are 17/min, and blood pressure is 106/72 mm Hg. Physical examination shows multiple painless pustular lesions on her ankles and the dorsum and soles of her feet bilaterally, as well as a swollen, erythematous, exquisitely tender left knee. Her wrists are also mildly edematous and tender, with pain on extension. X-ray of the knees shows tissue swelling. Arthrocentesis of the knee shows yellow purulent fluid. Gram stain is negative. Analysis of the synovial fluid shows a leukocyte count of 58,000/mm3 with 93% neutrophils and no crystals. Which of the following is the most appropriate pharmacotherapy?
Generated Answer: Intramuscular ceftriaxone and oral azithromycin
Ground Truth: Intramuscular ceftriaxone and oral azithromycin
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 721:
Question: A 63-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by the police after he was found in the streets lying unconscious on the ground. Both of his pupils are normal in size and reactive to light. There are no obvious signs of head trauma. The finger prick test shows a blood glucose level of 20 mg/dL. He has been brought to the emergency department due to acute alcohol intoxication several times. The vital signs include: blood pressure 100/70 mm Hg, heart rate 110/min, respiratory rate 22/min, and temperature 35℃ (95℉). On general examination, he is pale looking and disheveled with an odor of EtOH. On physical examination, the abdomen is soft and non-tender with no hepatosplenomegaly. After giving a bolus of intravenous dextrose, thiamine, and naloxone, he spontaneously opens his eyes. Blood and urine samples are drawn for toxicology screening. The blood alcohol level comes out to be 300 mg/dL. What will be the most likely laboratory findings in this patient?
Generated Answer: Macrocytosis MCV > 100fL
Ground Truth: Macrocytosis MCV > 100fL
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 281:
Question: A primary care physician is recently receiving more negative online reviews from his patients. He is increasingly feeling tired and has written 2 wrong prescriptions over the past month alone. Currently, on his panel, he has a list of 1,051 patients, half of whom are geriatric patients. He spends approx. 51 hours per week visiting about 20 patients a day. He has no history of a serious illness and takes no medications. An evaluation by a psychiatrist shows no primary psychiatric disorders. According to recent national surveys, which of the following do physicians more frequently recognize as a contributor to this physician’s current condition?
Generated Answer: Excessive bureaucratic tasks
Ground Truth: Excessive bureaucratic tasks
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 893:
Question: A 5-year-old boy is brought to his pediatrician's office by his parents for a scheduled visit. His father tells the physician that he has observed, on several occasions, that his son has difficulty breathing. This is more prominent when he is outside playing with his friends. These symptoms are increased during the spring and winter seasons, and, of late, the boy has one such episode almost every week. During these episodes, he usually wheezes, coughs, and seems to be winded as if something was restricting his ability to breathe. These symptoms have not affected his sleep at night. This breathlessness does not limit his daily activities, and whenever he does have an episode it subsides after he gets some rest. He does not have any other pertinent medical history and is not on any medication. His physical examination does not reveal any significant findings. The pediatrician checks his expiratory flow rate in the office and estimates it to be around 85% after conducting it three times. Which of the following drugs is the pediatrician most likely to start this patient on?
Generated Answer: Inhaled albuterol
Ground Truth: Inhaled albuterol
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 914:
Question: An 11-year-old girl is brought to the office by her mother due to complaint of intermittent and severe periumbilical pain for 1 day. She does not have any significant past medical history. She provides a history of a recent school trip to the suburbs. On physical examination, there is a mild tenderness around the umbilicus without any distension or discharge. There is no rebound tenderness. Bowel sounds are normal. An abdominal imaging shows enlarged mesenteric lymph nodes, and she is diagnosed with mesenteric lymphadenitis. However, incidentally, a mass of tissue was seen joining the inferior pole of both kidneys as shown in the image. Which of the following is best describes this renal anomaly?
Generated Answer: Teniae coli
Ground Truth: Association with ureteropelvic junction obstruction (UPJO)
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 810:
Question: A 49-year-old man comes to the physician for evaluation of several painless, pruritic lesions on his left forearm that he first noticed 4 days ago. They were initially pink marks that progressed into blisters before ulcerating. He has also had a headache for 1 week. His temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F). A photograph of one of the lesions is shown. There is pronounced edema of the surrounding skin and painless swelling of the left axillary lymph nodes. Which of the following is the greatest risk factor for this patient's condition?
Generated Answer: Wool handling
Ground Truth: Wool handling
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 244:
Question: An 11-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department because of high-grade fever, headache, and nausea for 3 days. She avoids looking at any light source because this aggravates her headache. She has acute lymphoblastic leukemia and her last chemotherapy cycle was 2 weeks ago. She appears lethargic. Her temperature is 40.1°C (104.2°F), pulse is 131/min and blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg. Examination shows a stiff neck. The pupils are equal and reactive to light. Neck flexion results in flexion of the knee and hip. Muscle strength is decreased in the right upper extremity. Deep tendon reflexes are 2+ bilaterally. Sensation is intact. Extraocular movements are normal. Two sets of blood cultures are obtained. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Generated Answer: Antibiotic therapy
Ground Truth: Antibiotic therapy
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 822:
Question: A 2980-g (6.6-lb) female newborn is brought to the emergency department by her mother because of worsening lethargy. The newborn was delivered at home 10 hours ago. The mother has had no prenatal care. The newborn's temperature is 39.7°C (103.5°F). Physical examination shows scleral icterus. Her leukocyte count is 36,000/mm3 (85% segmented neutrophils). An organism is isolated from the blood. When grown together on sheep agar, the isolated organism enlarges the area of clear hemolysis formed by Staphylococcus aureus. Which of the following is the most likely causal organism?
Generated Answer: Streptococcus agalactiae
Ground Truth: Streptococcus agalactiae
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 321:
Question: Please refer to the summary above to answer this question
An ECG is most likely to show which of the following findings in this patient?"
"Patient Information
Age: 64 years
Gender: F, self-identified
Ethnicity: unspecified
Site of Care: emergency department
History
Reason for Visit/Chief Concern: “My chest hurts, especially when I take a deep breath.”
History of Present Illness:
2-hour history of chest pain
pain described as “sharp”
pain rated 6/10 at rest and 10/10 when taking a deep breath
Past Medical History:
rheumatoid arthritis
major depressive disorder
Medications:
methotrexate, folic acid, fluoxetine
Allergies:
penicillin
Psychosocial History:
does not smoke
drinks one glass of bourbon every night
Physical Examination
Temp Pulse Resp BP O2 Sat Ht Wt BMI
36.7°C
(98°F)
75/min 17/min 124/75 mm Hg –
163 cm
(5 ft 4 in)
54 kg
(120 lb)
20 kg/m2
Appearance: sitting forward at the edge of a hospital bed, uncomfortable
Neck: no jugular venous distension
Pulmonary: clear to auscultation
Cardiac: regular rate and rhythm; normal S1 and S2; no murmurs; a scratching sound is best heard over the left sternal border; pain is not reproducible on palpation; pain is worse when the patient is lying back and improved by leaning forward
Abdominal: no tenderness, guarding, masses, bruits, or hepatosplenomegaly
Extremities: tenderness to palpation, stiffness, and swelling of the metacarpophalangeal and proximal interphalangeal joints of the fingers; swan neck deformities and ulnar deviation of several fingers; firm, nontender nodules on the extensor aspects of the left forearm; no edema
Neurologic: alert and oriented; cranial nerves grossly intact; no focal neurologic deficits"
Generated Answer: Pain control and rest
Ground Truth: Diffuse, concave ST-segment elevations
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 643:
Question: A 51-year-old man presents to the emergency department with complaints of upper abdominal pain for the last several hours. He says that the pain travels to his back and is less severe when he leans forward. He is diagnosed with acute pancreatitis following enzyme analysis and CT scan of the abdomen and is subsequently managed in intensive care unit (ICU) with IV fluids, analgesics, nasogastric decompression, and supportive therapy. He recovers quickly and is discharged within a week. However, after 5 weeks, the patient develops projectile vomiting containing food but no bile. Physical examination shows visible peristalsis from left to right in the upper abdomen. A repeat CT scan is done. Which of the following is the next best step in the management of this patient?
Generated Answer: Endoscopic drainage
Ground Truth: Endoscopic drainage
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 158:
Question: A 35-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 1-day history of swelling and pain in the left leg. Two days ago, she returned from a business trip on a long-distance flight. She has alcohol use disorder. Physical examination shows a tender, swollen, and warm left calf. Serum studies show an increased homocysteine concentration and a methylmalonic acid concentration within the reference range. Further evaluation of this patient is most likely to show which of the following serum findings?
Generated Answer: Decreased folate concentration
Ground Truth: Decreased folate concentration
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 977:
Question: A 45-year-old African American woman presents to her family physician for a routine examination. Past medical history is positive for amyloidosis and non-rhythm-based cardiac abnormalities secondary to the amyloidosis. Which of the following cardiac parameters would be expected in this patient?
Generated Answer: Preserved ejection fraction and decreased compliance
Ground Truth: Preserved ejection fraction and decreased compliance
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 429:
Question: A 6-day-old infant who was born via uncomplicated vaginal delivery at 39 weeks of gestation is brought to the family physician for poor feeding. The mother received adequate prenatal care throughout the pregnancy, and has no medical conditions. On physical exam, the infant's temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), blood pressure is 70/45 mmHg, pulse is 170/min, and respirations are 40/min. The infant has dry mucous membranes, capillary refill of 4 seconds, and a depressed anterior fontanelle. No abdominal masses are noted. Genital exam shows enlargement of the clitoris with fusion of the labioscrotal folds. Serum chemistry is remarkable for hyponatremia and hyperkalemia. The infant's karyotype is 46,XX. Which of the following findings are most likely to be discovered upon further workup?
Generated Answer: Increased sex hormones, increased 17-hydroxyprogesterone
Ground Truth: Increased sex hormones, increased 17-hydroxyprogesterone
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 941:
Question: A 21-year-old man presents to the physician with complaint of fever and non-bloody diarrhea for the past 3 days, after a week of constipation. He and his family recently returned from a summer spent in New Delhi, India visiting relatives. Physical examination reveals abdominal tenderness and a pink macular rash extending from his trunk to his upper arms. His vital signs are as follows: temperature is 99.7°F (37.6°C), blood pressure is 120/72 mmHg, pulse is 85/min, and respirations are 16/min. Which of the following drugs would be most effective in treating this patient’s condition?
Generated Answer: Ciprofloxacin
Ground Truth: Ciprofloxacin
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 462:
Question: A 75-year-old woman is brought to the physician by her daughter for a 4-month history of increasing difficulty recognizing her friends and family. She has had to rely on recognizing haircuts, gait, and voices because she cannot remember their faces. Neurologic examination shows that she is able to recognize objects and name facial features such as the eyes and nose. On mental status examination, she is alert and has no deficits in cognition or short-term memory. An MRI of her head shows an inhomogenous 2-cm mass with perifocal edema in her brain. Which of the following brain regions is most likely affected?
Generated Answer: Korsakoff's syndrome
Ground Truth: Right ventral occipitotemporal cortex
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 309:
Question: A 47-year-old man presents to the clinic with a 10-day history of a sore throat and fever. He has a past medical history significant for ulcerative colitis and chronic lower back pain. He smokes at least 1 pack of cigarettes daily for 10 years. The father of the patient died of colon cancer at the age of 50. He takes sulfasalazine and naproxen. The temperature is 38.9°C (102.0°F), the blood pressure is 131/87 mm Hg, the pulse is 74/min, and the respiratory rate is 16/min. On physical examination, the patient appears tired and ill. His pharynx is erythematous with exudate along the tonsillar crypts. The strep test comes back positive. In addition to treating the bacterial infection, what else would you recommend for the patient at this time?
Generated Answer: Colonoscopy
Ground Truth: Colonoscopy
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 697:
Question: A 3-year-old child is brought to the emergency department by his parents. The child presents with significant rapid breathing and appears unwell. On examination, his liver size is 1.5 times larger than children of his age, and he has mild pitting edema in his legs. This child is also in the lower weight-age and height-age percentiles. On auscultation, mild rales were noted and a fixed split S2 was heard on inspiration. There is no family history of congenital disorders or metabolic syndromes. Which of the following is the likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Atrial septal defect
Ground Truth: Atrial septal defect
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 60:
Question: A new screening test utilizing a telemedicine approach to diagnosing diabetic retinopathy has been implemented in a diabetes clinic. An ophthalmologist’s exam was also performed on all patients as the gold standard for diagnosis. In a pilot study of 500 patients, the screening test detected the presence of diabetic retinopathy in 250 patients. Ophthalmologist exam confirmed a diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy in 200 patients who tested positive in the screening test, as well as 10 patients who tested negative in the screening test. What is the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value of the screening test?
Generated Answer: Sensitivity = 95%, Specificity = 83%, PPV = 80%, NPV = 96%
Ground Truth: Sensitivity = 95%, Specificity = 83%, PPV = 80%, NPV = 96%
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 884:
Question: A 26-year-old man comes to the physician because of episodic palpitations for the past 2 months. He has the feeling that sometimes his heart “skips a beat”. His father has a history of atrial fibrillation and myocardial infarction. He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 5 years. He drinks 1–2 beers on the weekends. His vital signs are within normal limits. Physical examination reveals a regular pulse. Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities. Serum studies, including electrolytes and creatinine, are within normal limits. An excerpt of 24h Holter monitoring is shown. Echocardiography is normal. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Generated Answer: Smoking cessation
Ground Truth: Smoking cessation
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 595:
Question: A 47-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 3-week history of generalized fatigue, mild fever, abdominal pain, and nausea. She attended the state fair over a month ago, where she tried a number of regional foods, and wonders if it might have been caused by something she ate. She has also noticed darkening of her urine, which she attributes to not drinking enough water recently. She has type 2 diabetes mellitus. She drinks 1–2 beers daily. She works as nursing assistant in a rehabilitation facility. Current medications include glyburide, sitagliptin, and a multivitamin. She appears tired. Her temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F), pulse is 99/min, and blood pressure is 110/74 mm Hg. Examination shows mild scleral icterus. The liver is palpated 2–3 cm below the right costal margin and is tender. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 10.6 g/dL
Leukocyte count 11600/mm3
Platelet count 221,000/mm3
Serum
Urea nitrogen 26 mg/dL
Glucose 122 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.3 mg/dL
Bilirubin 3.6 mg/dL
Total 3.6 mg/dL
Direct 2.4 mg/dL
Alkaline phosphatase 72 U/L
AST 488 U/L
ALT 798 U/L
Hepatitis A IgG antibody (HAV-IgG) positive
Hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) positive
Hepatitis B core IgG antibody (anti-HBc) positive
Hepatitis B envelope antigen (HBeAg) positive
Hepatitis C antibody (anti-HCV) negative
Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?"
Generated Answer: Active chronic hepatitis B infection
Ground Truth: Active chronic hepatitis B infection
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 767:
Question: A 52-year-old man comes to the physician because of right knee pain and swelling for 2 days. Four days ago, he tripped at home and landed on his knees. He reports an episode of diarrhea 3 weeks ago that resolved after 4 days without treatment. He has a history of hypertension and hypercholesterolemia, and was recently diagnosed with parathyroid disease. He drinks 1–2 ounces of whiskey daily and occasionally more on weekends. His brother has ankylosing spondylitis. Vital signs are within normal limits. Examination of the right leg shows an abrasion below the patella. There is swelling and tenderness of the right knee; range of motion is limited by pain. Arthrocentesis of the right knee joint yields 15 mL of cloudy fluid with a leukocyte count of 26,300/mm3 (91% segmented neutrophils). Microscopic examination of the synovial fluid under polarized light shows rhomboid-shaped, weakly positively birefringent crystals. Which of the following is the strongest predisposing factor for this patient's condition?
Generated Answer: Hyperparathyroidism
Ground Truth: Hyperparathyroidism
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 649:
Question: A 54-year-old man comes to the physician because of generalized fatigue and numbness of his legs and toes for 5 months. He has hypertension and hypercholesterolemia. He underwent a partial gastrectomy for peptic ulcer disease 15 years ago. Current medications include amlodipine and atorvastatin. He is a painter. His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 101/min, respirations are 17/min, and blood pressure is 122/82 mm Hg. Examination shows conjunctival pallor and glossitis. Sensation to vibration and position is absent over the lower extremities. He has a broad-based gait. The patient sways when he stands with his feet together and closes his eyes. His hemoglobin concentration is 10.1 g/dL, leukocyte count is 4300/mm3, and platelet count is 110,000/mm3. Which of the following laboratory findings is most likely to be seen in this patient?
Generated Answer: Elevated methylmalonic acid levels
Ground Truth: Elevated methylmalonic acid levels
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 650:
Question: A 5-year-old male is brought to his pediatrician after recurrent, prolonged upper respiratory infections over a period of several months. Physical exam reveals petechiae on the patient’s legs and arms. Laboratory studies show hemoglobin: 10 g/L, platelet count: 35,000/mm^3, leukocyte count: 6,600/mm^3. A bone marrow aspiration shows an abundance of lymphoblasts indicative of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Positive immunostaining for which of the following would support a diagnosis of precursor B-cell leukemia?
Generated Answer: CD19, CD10
Ground Truth: CD19, CD10
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 865:
Question: A 4-month-old boy is brought to the pediatrician for a wellness visit. Upon examination, the physician notes severe burns on the sun-exposed areas of the skin, including the face (especially the ears and nose), dorsal aspect of the hands, shoulders, and dorsal aspect of his feet. The child has very fair skin and blond hair. The parents insist that the child has not spent any extraordinary amount of time in the sun, but they admit that they rarely apply sunscreen. Which of the following physical factors is the most likely etiology for the burns?
Generated Answer: UV-B radiation
Ground Truth: UV-B radiation
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 668:
Question: A 7-year-old boy presents to the emergency department with several days of high fever accompanied by runny nose, cough, and red itchy eyes. Upon further history, you learn that the family is undocumented and has not had access to primary health services. Upon physical examination you see a red, slightly bumpy rash extending from the head to the mid-chest level. If you had examined this child a prior to the development of the rash, which of the following signs may you have observed?
Generated Answer: Sickle cell disease
Ground Truth: Koplik spots
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 298:
Question: A 45-year old man comes to the physician because of a painless neck lump and a 2-month history of difficulty swallowing. He has a history of recurrent nephrolithiasis and episodic hypertension. Physical examination shows a 3 × 3-cm, nontender nodule at the level of the thyroid cartilage. A photomicrograph of a section of tissue obtained by core needle biopsy of the nodule is shown. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Medullary carcinoma
Ground Truth: Medullary carcinoma
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 689:
Question: A 1-month-old baby is brought to the emergency department because he had a coughing spell while feeding and turned blue. The mother says that the blue color went away when she picked the baby up and brought his knees to his chest. The physician orders a chest X-ray which shows a boot-shaped heart and he tells the mother that the baby has a condition that is caused by an anterosuperior displacement of the infundibular septum. What are the 4 features of the baby’s cardiac condition?
Generated Answer: Pulmonary stenosis, right ventricular hypertrophy, ventricular septal defect, overriding aorta
Ground Truth: Pulmonary stenosis, right ventricular hypertrophy, ventricular septal defect, overriding aorta
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 314:
Question: An 82-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department after losing consciousness at her nursing home. She had been watching TV for several hours and while getting up to use the bathroom, she fell and was unconscious for several seconds. She felt dizzy shortly before the fall. She does not have a headache or any other pain. She has a history of hypertension, intermittent atrial fibrillation, and stable angina pectoris. Current medications include warfarin, aspirin, hydrochlorothiazide, and a nitroglycerin spray as needed. Her temperature is 36.7°C (98.1°F), pulse is 100/min and regular, and blood pressure is 102/56 mm Hg. Physical exam shows a dry tongue. A fold of skin that is pinched on the back of her hand unfolds after 2 seconds. Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities. Further evaluation of this patient is most likely to show which of the following findings?
Generated Answer: Elevated blood urea nitrogen concentration
Ground Truth: Elevated blood urea nitrogen concentration
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 310:
Question: A patient with HCC and a long history of alcohol dependence and chronic hepatitis C has been using the mTOR inhibitor Metalimus 100 mg for cancer treatment. Her cancer has shown a partial response. She also has a history of hypertension and poorly controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus complicated by diabetic retinopathy. Current medications include enalapril and insulin. She asks her oncologist and hepatologist if she could try Noxbinle (tumorolimus) for its purported survival benefit in treating HCC. Based on the data provided in the drug advertisement, which of the following statements is most accurate?
Generated Answer: The patient is not a good candidate for Noxbinle due to her history of diabetes
Ground Truth: The patient is not a good candidate for Noxbinle due to her history of diabetes
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 361:
Question: A hospitalized 70-year-old woman, who recently underwent orthopedic surgery, develops severe thrombocytopenia of 40,000/mm3 during her 7th day of hospitalization. She has no other symptoms and has no relevant medical history. All of the appropriate post-surgery prophylactic measures had been taken. Her labs from the 7th day of hospitalization are shown here:
The complete blood count results are as follows:
Hemoglobin 13 g/dL
Hematocrit 38%
Leukocyte count 8,000/mm3
Neutrophils 54%
Bands 3%
Eosinophils 1%
Basophils 0%
Lymphocytes 33%
Monocytes 7%
Platelet count 40,000/mm3
The coagulation tests are as follows:
Partial thromboplastin time (activated) 85 seconds
Prothrombin time 63 seconds
Reticulocyte count 1.2%
Thrombin time < 2 seconds deviation from control
The lab results from previous days were within normal limits. What is the most likely cause of the thrombocytopenia?
Generated Answer: Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia
Ground Truth: Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 479:
Question: A 38-year-old woman, gravida 2, para 2, is brought to the emergency department by her husband after an episode of unconsciousness. She delivered a healthy infant two weeks ago and the postpartum course was complicated by severe vaginal bleeding, for which she required 4 units of packed red blood cells. Since the blood transfusion, she has had decreased milk production and has felt fatigued. Her pulse is 118/min and blood pressure is 104/63 mm Hg. Her finger-stick glucose concentration is 34 mg/dL. Serum thyroid-stimulating hormone and thyroxine levels are low and the serum sodium level is 132 mEq/L. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's condition?
Generated Answer: Pituitary ischemia
Ground Truth: Pituitary ischemia
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 110:
Question: A 36-year-old man is admitted to the hospital because of a 1-day history of epigastric pain and vomiting. He has had similar episodes of epigastric pain in the past. He drinks 8 oz of vodka daily. Five days after admission, the patient develops aspiration pneumonia and sepsis. Despite appropriate therapy, the patient dies. At autopsy, the pancreas appears gray, enlarged, and nodular. Microscopic examination of the pancreas shows localized deposits of calcium. This finding is most similar to an adaptive change that can occur in which of the following conditions?
Generated Answer: Congenital CMV infection
Ground Truth: Congenital CMV infection
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 989:
Question: A 23-year-old female presents to the emergency department with right lower abdominal pain that began suddenly one hour ago. She is writhing in discomfort and has vomited twice since arrival. She has no chronic medical conditions, but states she has had chlamydia two or three times in the past. Her abdomen is firm, and she is guarding. Pelvic exam reveals blood pooling in the vagina and right adnexal tenderness. Her last menstrual period was 7 weeks ago. A pregnancy test is positive.

Which of the following is an appropriate next step in diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Transvaginal ultrasound
Ground Truth: Transvaginal ultrasound
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 486:
Question: A 50-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by his wife because of lethargy and confusion for the past 24 hours. He has also had a productive cough for the past year and has had a 10-kg (22-lb) weight loss over the past 6 months. He has a history of multiple sclerosis and has not had an acute exacerbation in over 10 years. For the past 30 years, he has smoked 2 packs of cigarettes daily. He drinks 2 beers every day after work. His temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), pulse is 90/min, blood pressure is 130/90 mm Hg, and respirations are 22/min. On examination, the patient appears lethargic and cannot state his name or his location. Physical examination reveals scattered wheezing bilaterally. Deep tendon reflexes cannot be elicited. Laboratory studies show:
Serum
Na+ 115 mEq/L
K+ 4.5 mEq/L
HCO3- 22 mEq/L
Glucose 70 mg/dL
Blood urea nitrogen 8 mg/dL
Urine osmolality 450 mOsmol/kg H2O
Urine sodium 70 mEq/L
An x-ray of the chest reveals a central lung mass. Which of the following is the next best step in management?"
Generated Answer: Administer hypertonic saline
Ground Truth: Administer hypertonic saline
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 363:
Question: A 25-year-old man presents to the emergency department with bilateral eye pain. The patient states it has slowly been worsening over the past 48 hours. He admits to going out this past weekend and drinking large amounts of alcohol and having unprotected sex but cannot recall a predisposing event. The patient's vitals are within normal limits. Physical exam is notable for bilateral painful and red eyes with opacification and ulceration of each cornea. The patient's contact lenses are removed and a slit lamp exam is performed and shows bilateral corneal ulceration. Which of the following is the best treatment for this patient?
Generated Answer: Gatifloxacin eye drops
Ground Truth: Gatifloxacin eye drops
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 254:
Question: A 56-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by his neighbor 2 hours after ingesting an unknown substance in a suicide attempt. He is confused and unable to provide further history. His temperature is 39.1°C (102.3°F), pulse is 124/min, respiratory rate is 12/min, and blood pressure is 150/92 mm Hg. His skin is dry. Pupils are 12 mm and minimally reactive. An ECG shows no abnormalities. Which of the following is the most appropriate treatment for this patient's condition?
Generated Answer: Physostigmine
Ground Truth: Physostigmine
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 259:
Question: A newborn of a mother with poor antenatal care is found to have a larger than normal head circumference with bulging fontanelles. Physical examination reveals a predominant downward gaze with marked eyelid retraction and convergence-retraction nystagmus. Ultrasound examination showed dilated lateral ventricles and a dilated third ventricle. Further imaging studies reveal a solid mass in the pineal region. Which of the following is the most likely finding for this patient?
Generated Answer: Bilateral renal agenesis
Ground Truth: Compression of periaqueductal grey matter
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 802:
Question: A 55-year-old woman presents to the emergency department with chest pain, shortness of breath, and weakness. She has no known past medical history and generally refuses to see a physician for health issues. Review of systems is notable for chronic, severe gastroesophageal reflux disease and chronic diarrhea. Her temperature is 98.3°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 177/105 mmHg, pulse is 88/min, respirations are 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 97% on room air. Laboratory values are ordered as seen below.

Hemoglobin: 10 g/dL
Hematocrit: 30%
Leukocyte count: 4,500/mm^3 with normal differential
Platelet count: 192,400/mm^3

Serum:
Na+: 139 mEq/L
Cl-: 101 mEq/L
K+: 6.3 mEq/L
BUN: 65 mg/dL
Glucose: 99 mg/dL
Creatinine: 3.1 mg/dL

Notably, the patient requires nursing to help her with most tasks such as putting on her gown and manipulating a cup of water given poor mobility of her hands. She also has recurrent episodes of severe hand pain, which self resolve. The patient is given calcium, insulin, and dextrose and started on dialysis. Which of the following is the most appropriate medical therapy for this patient?
Generated Answer: Captopril
Ground Truth: Captopril
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 677:
Question: A 42-year-old woman presents to her family physician with a headache. The patient reports that the symptoms started about 2 hours ago when she woke up and have not improved. She states the pain is moderate, throbbing, tight in character, and is located in the occipital region bilaterally. The patient denies any visual and audio disturbances, nausea, and vomiting. She recalls 2 similar headaches in the past month. She has no other relevant medical history. Current medications are alendronate and a daily multivitamin. The patient works long hours as a corporate attorney. A review of systems is significant for mild photophobia. Her temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), the blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, the pulse is 70/min, the respiratory rate is 18/min, and the oxygen saturation is 98% on room air. On physical exam, the patient is alert and oriented. There is moderate tenderness to palpation diffusely over the upper posterior cervical muscles and occipital region of the scalp. The remainder of the physical exam is normal. Laboratory tests are normal. Urine pregnancy test is negative. What is the next best step in management?
Generated Answer: Recommend lifestyle changes, relaxation techniques, and massage therapy
Ground Truth: Recommend lifestyle changes, relaxation techniques, and massage therapy
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 494:
Question: A 38-year-old woman comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. She was diagnosed with immune thrombocytopenic purpura at the age of 37 years and has been treated with glucocorticoids and intravenous immune globulin. She has visited the emergency department 3 times in the past 4 months for nose bleeds, which required cauterization. Her platelet counts on her previous visits were 18,320/mm3, 17,500/mm3, and 19,100/mm3. Current medications include dexamethasone and a multivitamin. She has no children. Her immunizations are up-to-date. Vital signs are within normal limits. Examination shows petechiae on the bilateral lower extremities. Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities. The abdomen is soft and nontender; there is no organomegaly. Her hemoglobin concentration is 13.3 g/dL, leukocyte count is 8,100/mm3, and platelet count is 13,000/mm3. Her blood type is A negative. Serology for hepatitis C and HIV is negative. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Generated Answer: Schedule splenectomy
Ground Truth: Schedule splenectomy
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 670:
Question: A 25-year-old gravida 1 para 0 woman visits an OB/GYN for her first prenatal visit and to establish care. She is concerned about the costs related to future prenatal visits, medications, procedures, and the delivery. She has no type of health insurance through her work and has previously been denied coverage by public health insurance based on her income. Since then she has been promoted and earns a higher salary. In addressing this patient, which of the following is the most appropriate counseling?
Generated Answer: She may be eligible for Medicaid because she is pregnant
Ground Truth: She may be eligible for Medicaid because she is pregnant
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 377:
Question: A 34-year-old G1P0 woman gives birth to a male infant at 35 weeks gestation. The child demonstrates a strong cry and moves all his arms and legs upon birth. Respirations are slow and irregular. His temperature is 99.1°F (37.3°C), blood pressure is 100/55 mmHg, pulse is 115/min, and respirations are 18/min. At a follow up appointment, the physician notices that the infant’s torso and upper extremities are pink while his lower extremities have a bluish hue. Which of the following will most likely be heard on auscultation of the patient’s chest?
Generated Answer: Continuous systolic and diastolic murmur at left upper sternal border
Ground Truth: Continuous systolic and diastolic murmur at left upper sternal border
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 526:
Question: A 43-year-old woman presents to your clinic for the evaluation of an abnormal skin lesion on her forearm. The patient is worried because her mother passed away from melanoma. You believe that the lesion warrants biopsy for further evaluation for possible melanoma. Your patient is concerned about her risk for malignant disease. What is the most important prognostic factor of melanoma?
Generated Answer: Depth of invasion of atypical cells
Ground Truth: Depth of invasion of atypical cells
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 845:
Question: A 53-year-old woman presents to the office complaining of an extreme, nonradiating stabbing pain in the epigastric region after having a meal. She states that it has happened several times in the past week approximately 30 minutes after eating and spontaneously resolves. A day before, the patient went to urgent care with the same complaint, but the abdominal X-ray was normal. Surgical history is remarkable for a total knee arthroplasty procedure 6 months ago. She has lost 34 kg (75 lb) since the operation because of lifestyle changes. The vital signs are normal. Laparoscopic surgical scars are well healed. Endoscopy shows benign mucosa to the proximal duodenum. A barium swallow study reveals an extremely narrowed duodenum. Which of the following structures is most likely responsible for this patient’s current symptoms?
Generated Answer: Superior mesenteric artery
Ground Truth: Superior mesenteric artery
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 137:
Question: An investigator is studying obesity in mice. Over the course of 2 weeks, mice in the experimental group receive a daily injection with a synthetic analog of an endogenous hormone. Compared to the control group, the hormone-injected mice eat more and gain significantly more weight. Which of the following is the most likely explanation for the observed weight gain in the experimental group?
Generated Answer: Ghrelin stimulation of the lateral hypothalamus
Ground Truth: Ghrelin stimulation of the lateral hypothalamus
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 355:
Question: A primigravida at 10+5 weeks gestation registers in an obstetric clinic for prenatal care. She has noted a rash that is rough with red-brown spots on her palms. The rapid plasma reagin (RPR) test is positive. The diagnosis is confirmed by darkfield microscopy. What is the fetus at risk for secondary to the mother’s condition?
Generated Answer: Saddle nose
Ground Truth: Saddle nose
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 365:
Question: A 25-year-old woman presents to the emergency department with palpitations, sweating, and blurry vision after playing volleyball on the beach. She denies chest pain and shortness of breath. She states that these episodes occur often, but resolve after eating a meal or drinking a sugary soda. Past medical history is unremarkable, and she takes no medications. Temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), blood pressure is 135/80 mm Hg, pulse is 102/min, and respirations are 18/min. Fingerstick blood glucose level is 42 g/dL. ECG reveals sinus tachycardia. Urinalysis and toxicology are noncontributory. Appropriate medical therapy is administered and she is discharged with an appointment for a fasting blood draw within the week. Laboratory results are as follows:
Blood glucose 45 mg/dL
Serum insulin  20 microU/L (N: < 6 microU/L)
Serum proinsulin 10 microU/L (N: < 20% of total insulin)
C-peptide level  0.8 nmol/L (N: < 0.2 nmol/L)
Sulfonylurea Negative
IGF-2  Negative
What is the most likely cause of this patient’s hypoglycemia?
Generated Answer: Beta cell tumor of the pancreas
Ground Truth: Beta cell tumor of the pancreas
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 942:
Question: A 13-year-old boy is brought to his pediatrician for evaluation of leg pain. Specifically, he has been having pain around his right knee that has gotten progressively worse over the last several months. On presentation, he has swelling and tenderness over his right distal femur. Radiographs are obtained and the results are shown in figure A. His family history is significant in that several family members also had this disorder and others had pathology in the eye near birth. The patient is referred for a genetic consult, and a mutation is found on a certain chromosome. The chromosome that is most likely affected also contains a gene that is associated with which of the following pathologies?
Generated Answer: Breast cancer
Ground Truth: Breast cancer
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 749:
Question: A 42-year-old man comes to the physician for a routine health maintenance examination. He feels well but has had several episodes of “finger pallor” over the past 4 months. During these episodes, the 4th finger of his left hand turns white. The color usually returns within 20 minutes, followed by redness and warmth of the finger. The episodes are not painful. The complaints most commonly occur on his way to work, when it is very cold outside. One time, it happened when he was rushing to the daycare center because he was late for picking up his daughter. The patient has gastroesophageal reflux disease treated with lansoprazole. His vital signs are within normal limits. The blood flow to the hand is intact on compression of the ulnar artery at the wrist, as well as on compression of the radial artery. When the patient is asked to immerse his hands in cold water, a change in the color of the 4th digit of his left hand is seen. A photograph of the affected hand is shown. His hemoglobin concentration is 14.2 g/dL, serum creatinine is 0.9 mg/dL, and ESR is 35 mm/h. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?
Generated Answer: Serologic testing
Ground Truth: Serologic testing
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 948:
Question: A 24-year-old man comes to the physician because of chronic fatigue and generalized weakness after exertion. His legs feel stiff after walking long distances and he has leg cramps after climbing stairs. His symptoms are always relieved by rest. Urine dipstick shows 3+ blood and urinalysis is negative for RBCs. Baseline venous lactate and serum ammonia levels are collected, after which a blood pressure cuff is attached to the upper right arm. The patient is asked to continuously pump his right arm with the cuff inflated and additional venous samples are collected at 2-minute intervals. Analysis of the venous blood samples shows that, over time, serum ammonia levels increase and venous lactate levels remain stable. A biopsy of the right gastrocnemius muscle will most likely show which of the following?
Generated Answer: Subsarcolemmal acid–Schiff-positive deposits
Ground Truth: Subsarcolemmal acid–Schiff-positive deposits
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 829:
Question: A 36-year-old male suffered a gun-shot wound to the abdomen that required an emergent exploratory laparotomy to repair and resect damaged portions of the bowel. Four days later, the patient reports increased generalized abdominal pain. His vital signs are as follows: T 38.5, HR 110, BP 110/60, RR 18, SpO2 96%. Physical exam reveals extreme tenderness to palpation of the abdomen as well as rebound tenderness, worse in the bilateral lower quadrants. The abdomen is mildly distended with guarding and decreased bowel sounds. The surgical and bullet-entrance wounds appear intact without any evidence of leakage/drainage, erythema, or warmth. Initial lab-work shows an elevated white blood cell count of 17.1 x 10^9 cells/L. A CT scan of the abdomen shows a 4 cm abscess in the left lower quadrant. Which of the following organisms is the most likely cause of this patient's current presentation?
Generated Answer: Bacteroides fragilis
Ground Truth: Bacteroides fragilis
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 656:
Question: A 43-year-old woman is found in the hospital to have a plasma sodium concentration of 126 mg/dL. She was hospitalized after she expressed suicidal ideations and was started on a medication for major depressive disorder. Her past medical history is significant for diabetes for which she is currently taking metformin. Her blood pressure while in the hospital has been around 130/85 mmHg and she is not taking any other medications. Urinalysis shows a serum osmolality of 1085 mOsm/L. Which of the following best describes the cell bodies of the cells that are behaving abnormally in this patient?
Generated Answer: Located in the hypothalamus
Ground Truth: Located in the hypothalamus
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 199:
Question: A 62-year-old woman comes to the physician because of increasing blurring of vision in both eyes. She says that the blurring has made it difficult to read, although she has noticed that she can read a little better if she holds the book below or above eye level. She also requires a bright light to look at objects. She reports that her symptoms began 8 years ago and have gradually gotten worse over time. She has hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Current medications include glyburide and lisinopril. When looking at an Amsler grid, she says that the lines in the center appear wavy and bent. An image of her retina, as viewed through fundoscopy is shown. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Age-related macular degeneration
"
Ground Truth: Age-related macular degeneration
"
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 213:
Question: A 23-year-old man comes to the physician because of recurrent episodes of chest pain, shortness of breath, palpitations, and a sensation of choking. The symptoms usually resolve with deep breathing exercises after about 5 minutes. He now avoids going to his graduate school classes because he is worried about having another episode. Physical examination is unremarkable. Treatment with lorazepam is initiated. The concurrent intake of which of the following drugs should be avoided in this patient?
Generated Answer: Diphenhydramine
Ground Truth: Diphenhydramine
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 408:
Question: An 11-year-old girl is brought to the physician by her parents because of a mildly pruritic rash on her trunk and extremities for 2 days. One week ago, she developed a low-grade fever, rhinorrhea, and headache, followed by a facial rash 4 days later. The facial rash did not involve the perioral skin. Her temperature is 37.4°C (99.3°F). A photograph of the rash on her lower arms is shown. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Exfoliative toxin A release
Ground Truth: Erythema infectiosum
BLEU Score: 0.0000

Question 332:
Question: A 48-year-old female presents to the emergency room with mental status changes.
Laboratory analysis of the patient's serum shows:
Na 122 mEq/L
K 3.9 mEq/L
HCO3 24 mEq/L
BUN 21 mg/dL
Cr 0.9 mg/dL
Ca 8.5 mg/dL
Glu 105 mg/dL

Urinalysis shows:
Osmolality 334 mOsm/kg
Na 45 mEq/L
Glu 0 mg/dL

Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
Generated Answer: Lung cancer
Ground Truth: Lung cancer
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 208:
Question: A 32-year-old man visits his primary care physician for a routine health maintenance examination. During the examination, he expresses concerns about not wanting to become a father. He has been sexually active and monogamous with his wife for the past 5 years, and they inconsistently use condoms for contraception. He tells the physician that he would like to undergo vasectomy. His wife is also a patient under the care of the physician and during her last appointment, she expressed concerns over being prescribed any drugs that could affect her fertility because she would like to conceive soon. Which of the following is the most appropriate action by the physician regarding this patient's wish to undergo vasectomy?
Generated Answer: Explain the procedure's benefits, alternatives, and potential complications
Ground Truth: Explain the procedure's benefits, alternatives, and potential complications
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 613:
Question: A 72-year-old man presents to his primary care physician complaining of pain and bulging in his groin. He is otherwise healthy and has never had surgery. He is referred to a general surgeon, and is scheduled for an elective hernia repair the following week. On closer inspection in the operating room, the surgeon notes a hernia sac that protrudes through the external inguinal ring, bypassing the inguinal canal. Which of the following accurately describes this patient's condition?
Generated Answer: Direct inguinal hernia
Ground Truth: Direct inguinal hernia
BLEU Score: 1.0000

Question 78:
Question: A previously healthy 10-year-old boy is brought to the emergency room by his mother 5 hours after the onset of abdominal pain and nausea. Over the past 2 weeks, he has also had progressive abdominal pain and a 4-kg (8.8-lb) weight loss. The mother reports that her son has been drinking more water than usual during this period. Last week he wet his bed three times despite being completely toilet-trained since 3 years of age. His temperature is 37.8°C (100°F), pulse is 128/min, respirations are 35/min, and blood pressure is 95/55 mm Hg. He appears lethargic. Physical examination shows deep and labored breathing and dry mucous membranes. The abdomen is soft, and there is diffuse tenderness to palpation with no guarding or rebound. Serum laboratory studies show:
Na+ 133 mEq/L
K+ 5.9 mEq/L
Cl- 95 mEq/L
HCO3- 13 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 25 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.0 mg/dL
Urine dipstick is positive for ketones and glucose. Further evaluation is most likely to reveal which of the following?"
Generated Answer: Decreased total body potassium
Ground Truth: Decreased total body potassium
BLEU Score: 1.0000
